 They say the distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success, I believe you can say the same thing about the distance between good and evil. Carl R White
 The pathos of the human life teaches one that idolatry of the ego is a sham. Only by living in harmonious accord with the entire world can a person distill happiness that flows from cultivating a state of mindfulness. Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls 
 The fakirs always throng the sea-shoreTo find meaning in the chaosAnd then they too become melancholyFeeling nothing but their naked toes. Avijeet Das
 Each person must implement their preferred problem solving method to address existential questions pertaining to life and death, living and loving, working and playing, resting and restructuring. Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls 
 Love is to love, be loved, and lost.Never to be enclosed in mortal hands. Vinod Varghese Antony
 Till the time Mother Nature takes away what she had bestowed upon us for free - this wonderful gift, of life. Value it, while you have it. Fakeer Ishavardas
 God doesnt listen to me too, but people have their suspicions. , Vineet Raj Kapoor
 Theres no reason to cry over spilled milk. People cannot change the things that have already happened. Eraldo Banovac
 Love is greater than the oceans with full of passions. Vinod Varghese Antony
 Some people are born to make a Point... And some to make money... No COMPARATIVE analogy exists Talees Rizvi
 Maslow was right... Insecurity is main source of ego and aggression... Achievements and success leads to humbleness... It takes a lifetime... to understand nothing matters.. Talees Rizvi
 Your perception of what you know and understand is based on your current knowledge, capability and limitations Urbanky Aurel Petru
 Sages thought and taught,But men do what they wantLove, wisdom and tolerance wont work at them,For they are great beasts of all. Vinod Varghese Antony
 I hope that I am a good man it would be enough. James Qualls, A Gathering of Dreams 
 I like walking in the solitary dark street than the crowded shining street. Vinod Varghese Antony
 Accepting that a person will die and shucking off any aversion to this blunt thought awakens the mind to realize what is possible in a human life. Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls 
 Oh yes. I am right until Im proved wrong. Vinod Varghese Antony
 Death is her name,Who walks in her garden of fame,And plucks flowers for her lock,Which has the power to ride a flock. Vinod Varghese Antony
 Untuk mengada, kita tidak hanya mendapatkan jatah tempat. Kita punya rentang waktu yang sudah ditetapkan. Jostein Gaarder, The Orange Girl 
 Life is neither a glorious highlight reel nor a monstrous tragedy. Every day is a good day to live and a good day to die. Every day is also an apt time to learn and express joy and love for the entire natural world. Each day is an apt time to make contact with other people and express empathy for the entire world. Each day is perfect to accept with indifference all aspects of being. Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls 
 A sound state of mind cannot live with an unsound state of mind. Vinod Varghese Antony
 The aim of all life is death. Life is the apprenticeship that we serve preparing for death. Life is the fleeting spark of divinity that precedes a deathless eternity. Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls 
 Young men learn the lesson of love, after bursting out in anger. Vinod Varghese Antony
 We create what we live. We live what we create. Mommy Moo Moo
 We live what we create. We create what we live. Mommy Moo Moo
 We have a choice to live in the Age of Enlightenment or the Age of Darkness. Mommy Moo Moo
 Its a process. Mommy Moo Moo
 Life is beautiful, but it is also so damn ugly. Mommy Moo Moo
 When shit becomes valuable, the poor will be born without assholes. Henry Miller
 . . , The Unbearable Lightness of Being 
 Time passes: yesterday has gone for ever but tomorrow never comes. Lets make the most of today. Robert Ashby
 The Purpose of Philosophy is to fall in Love. To strip the world of all its clothes, and fall in Love with it as it stand before you completely naked. Ilyas Kassam
 The only currency that we really have to spend during our lives is time. Everything else is just a sub-category. Stephen R. Bown
 It was both odd and unjust, a real example of pitiful arbitrariness of existance, that you were born into a particular time & held prisoner there whether you wanted it or not. It gave you an indecent advantage over the past and made you a clown vis-a-vis the future. Daniel Kehlmann
 When Nietszche says, A new commandment I give to you,be hard he is really saying, A new commandment I give to you, be dead. Sensibility is the definition oflife. G.K. Chesterton, Heretics 
 Why does it seem easier for us to accept reality when it is within the confinement of the animal kingdom yet so hard for us to face it in our? Aysha Taryam, The Opposite of Indifference: A Collection of Commentaries 
 Its always better to be kind than right. Ricardo Chvere
 To say He was a young fool, and now hes an old fool is to make a distinction without a difference. Gary Inbinder
 Dont make me come down there. - God Keith Caserta, Soul Searching 
 I can blend words easily with my pen, and show concepts from deep within. Yet not everyone gets the message I send. So why do I even let these words begin? Maybe they will soak in one day at the right time. When the readers on a new path to find. So for now Ill continue to drop ink and not worry about what other people think. Stanley Victor Paskavich
 I mean really, how could an artistic individual stay grounded in the nitty-gritty of how many minutes per pound meat has to stay in the oven when trying to fathom the creative philosophy behind the greatest artistic minds of the world? E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly 
 Life is a dream from which there is but one awakening. Jack Sanger, Azimuth: The Second Journey 
 There are only two most powerful situations- being so small that you have nothing to lose and being so big that you dont care what you lose! Jasleen Kaur Gumber
 Westereners often think that the East is one vast Buddhist temple, which is rather like thinking the West is one vast Carthusian monastery. If the Western people who like Buddhism were to visit the East, hed certainly experience many new things, but hed find first, that the food is under lock and key and second, that humans are considered to be a miserable, destructive, greedy lot, just as they are in the West. Daniel Quinn
 I miei gridi erano ben atroci, poich le riviste che prima mi sollecitavano, ora mi respingono ma la giustizia non pu venire soffocata perch arde. Io non domando fama, io domando ascolto. Sibilla Aleramo, A Woman 
 Il mio allontanamento dai volumi di scienza era una colpa assai meno grave di quella che consisteva nellaver trascurato di gettar gli occhi sul grande libro della vita. Sibilla Aleramo, A Woman 
 The evolution revolution is here. Global sense makes common sense. Judah Freed, GLOBAL SENSE 
 
 Humans are probably the only creatures who know that they will die. They know for certain and yet they keep going. A resilient spirit and a need to survive does not make for cowardice.Salma to Merrick in Simple Conversation Sonia Rumzi
 The world is like a giant Alcoholic whining day to day about what others are doing. Instead of of living harmoniously and individually for Good Orderly Direction. If we have faith in our God, than why should we care how others are living their lives? B.L. Kennison
 Some way some how im going to be happy im going to laugh im going to prosper,i feel good that i remain positive thru these mess up times!!! jojo1980
 . Azza Bondok, 
 , .A man is but the product of his thoughts what he thinks, he becomes. Mahatma Gandhi
 All that man achieves and all that he fails to achieve is the direct result of his own thoughts. His suffering and happiness are evolved from within. As he thinks, so he is. As he continues to think, so he remains. James Allen, As a Man Thinketh 
 Dont be afraid of death so much as an inadequate life. Bertolt Brecht
 Dear little Swallow, said the Prince, you tell me of marvelous things, but more marvelous than anything is the suffering of men and of women. There is no Mystery so great as Misery. Oscar Wilde, The Happy Prince and Other Tales 
 There is nothing like a crisis to define who you are. Dexter Morgan
 perception shapes priorities, priorities shape people Ben Thompson
 Let animals live like animals let humans live like humans. Thats my whole philosophy in a sentence. Aravind Adiga, The White Tiger 
 There are times when wisdom cannot be found in the chambers of parliament or the halls of academia but at the unpretentious setting of the kitchen table. E.A. Bucchianeri
 One persons greatest regret is another persons greatest memory. Angela Lam (Turpin)
 If we are merely matter intricately assembled, is this really demeaning? If theres nothing here but atoms, does that make us less or does that make matter more? Carl Sagan, The Varieties of Scientific Experience: A Personal View of the Search for God 
 Those masks we wear not to shield others but ourselves from who we are. Basith, Autopsy of the seasons 
 As to the roaming of sages,They move in utter emptiness,Let their minds meander in the great nothingnessThey run beyond conventionAnd go through where there is no gateway.They listen to the soundlessAnd look at the formless,They are not constrained by societyAnd not bound to its customs.- Lao-tzu Lao Tzu
 The world was made in order to result in a beautiful book. Stphane Mallarm
 You have to be able to recognize your truths in the daylight before you can find them in the dark. Kelli Jae Baeli, Immortality or Something Like It 
 .. .. .. . 
 Progress should never be impeded by a need to coddle adults who respond to the world as children. Kelli Jae Baeli, Supernatural Hypocrisy: The Cognitive Dissonance of a God Cosmology 
 If ones bowels move, one is happy, and if they dont move, one is unhappy. That is all there is to it. Lin Yutang, The Importance of Living 
 After a breath and before another, theres plenty of time to rest. Basith, Autopsy of the seasons 
 Nothing will be resolved here. Nothing is ever resolved without war. It is the way of the universe. Marianne Curley, The Key 
 Writing is turning lifes worst moments into money. J.P. Donleavy
 It is more necessary for the soul to be cured than the body for it is better to die than to live badly. Epictetus
 The conundrum of sanity and insanity, is that it serves us to be some of each. Its really only a question of degrees. You cannot possibly be 100 adjusted and live in this INSANE world. A little bit of crazy is a coping skill. Kelli Jae Baeli, Too Much World 
 Christianity, like genius, is one of the hardest concepts to forgive. We hear what we want to hear and accept what we want to accept, for the most part, simply because there is nothing more offensive than feeling like you have to re-evaluate your own train of thought and purpose in life. You have to die to an extent in your hunger for faith, for wisdom, and quite frankly, most people arent ready to die. Criss Jami, Killosophy 
 Never underestimate the power you have to take your life in a new direction. Germany Kent
 Listen. Jennifer reverted, I didnt mean anything by all of that before. I understand what you were trying to do and ... She struggled for the right words. Sweetie, like love, people dont live inside of life, life lives inside of you. Open yourself up to it and theres no stopping your heart. Carroll Bryant, Children of the Flower Power 
 Give us everything we ask for and suddenly its too much. Mark Lawrence, The Liars Key 
 Duty were our games. William Wordsworth, The Prelude 
 . . . , The Unbearable Lightness of Being 
 I asked Elsie how much food they needed from outside the community. Flour and sugar, she said, and then thought a bit. Sometimes well buy pretzels as a splurge.It crossed my mind that the worlds most efficient psychological evaluation would have just one question: Define splurge. Barbara Kingsolver, Animal, Vegetable, Miracle: A Year of Food Life 
 Expressing doubt is how we begin a journey to discover essential truths. Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls 
 Its no use going back to yesterday, because I was a different person then. Lewis Carroll, Alice in Wonderland 
 The reasonable man adapts himself to the world: the unreasonable one persists in trying to adapt the world to himself. Therefore all progress depends on the unreasonable man. George Bernard Shaw, Man and Superman 
 Hardship often prepares an ordinary person for an extraordinary destiny. Christopher Markus
 When what you hear and what you see dont match, trust your eyes. Dale Renton
 Every man is a creature of the age in which he lives and few are able to raise themselves above the ideas of the time. Voltaire
 Dont bite off more than you can chew because nobody looks attractive spitting it back out. Carroll Bryant
 Life is a constant process of dying. Arthur Schopenhauer
 No matter how many plans you make or how much in control you are, life is always winging it. Carroll Bryant
 The moment you stop trying to become a better person, is the moment you start to become worse than what you already are. Carroll Bryant
 A bird is safe in its nest - but that is not what its wings are made for. Amit Ray, World Peace: The Voice of a Mountain Bird 
 Nannys philosophy of life was to do what seemed like a good idea at the time, and do it as hard as possible. It had never let her down. Terry Pratchett, Maskerade 
 The only thing standing between you and your dreams is ... reluctance. Carroll Bryant
 Life contains but two tragedies. One is not to get your hearts desire the other is to get it. Socrates
 Stay low, stay quiet, keep it simple, dont expect too much, enjoy what you have. Dean Koontz
 But a desperate heart will seduce the mind. Mitch Albom, The Time Keeper 
 Reading is going toward something that is about to be, and no one yet knows what it will be. Italo Calvino, If on a Winters Night a Traveler 
 We are what we repeatedly do. Greatness then, is not an act, but a habit Will Durant
 It takes billions of years to create a human being. And it takes only a few seconds to die. Jostein Gaarder, Maya 
 When people say they hate life, to what are they comparing it to? The alternative isnt any more appealing. Carroll Bryant
 Nothing is as it seems, but something is everything it is made out to be. Carroll Bryant
 All I know is that I do not know anything Socrates
 Have you ever sensed that our soul is immortal and never dies? Plato, The Republic 
 Freedom of mind is the real freedom. A person whose mind is not free though he may not be in chains, is a slave, not a free man. One whose mind is not free, though he may not be in prison, is a prisoner and not a free man. One whose mind is not free though alive, is no better than dead. Freedom of mind is the proof of ones existence. B.R. Ambedkar, Writings And Speeches: A Ready Reference Manual 
 Alas, Siddhartha, I see you suffering, but youre suffering a pain at which one would like to laugh, at which youll soon laugh for yourself. Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha 
 Be wise today so you dont cry tomorrow. E.A. Bucchianeri
 Belief is a wonderful way to pass the time until the facts come in. Carl R White
 A person who is too proud in love will suffer from the devastating bitterness in the end. Eraldo Banovac
 You know, Daddy, I think that the most necessary quality for any person to have imagination. It makes people able to put themselves in other peoples places. It make them kind and sympathetic and understanding. It ought to be cultivated in children. Jean Webster, Daddy-Long-Legs 
 Continuously feeling superior is a characteristic of immaturity. Eraldo Banovac
 Ram wanted to marry a woman in front of whom he would be compelled to bow his head in admiration. P.210 Amish Tripathi, Sita: Warrior of Mithila 
 El mundo no existe slo para m. El porcentaje de cosas amargas que me sucedan no variar. Yo no puedo decidirlo Banana Yoshimoto, Kitchen 
 Segala sesuatu yang dibatasi oleh mati, bukanlah sukses. Sukses adalah suatu pencapaian yang melampaui maut,yang abadi melintasi kematian, mengalir hingga titik simpul di mana awal dan akhir menyatu. Emha Ainun Nadjib, Anak Asuh Bernama Indonesia 
 Being a Falconer is about saving the buggers even if they dont deserve it. - Farlan MacNeil Edwin McRae, The Falconers: Fort Eden 
 An effort disbursed to become like a god takes us closer towards finding him. Deepak Vidyarthi, The Newtonian Quest : How It All Began 
 Dont worry. Youre lost. The best of us are, but you will find your way. The universe is everything, all that is tangible and all that is not. Sometimes its easy to get lost in the scheme of things. The world is wondrous and mysterious, but he will reveal himself to you when he is ready. He paused. We are all connected, but we dont realize how. You, me Were all connected somehow. Sooner or later it will all be revealed to us. Maria La Serra
 Most people take health at face value. Quite often people understand that health is the most valuable possession only after they become seriously ill. Eraldo Banovac
 Because it works it doesnt mean it is necessary right. One can be sincerely and successfully wrongDad to his son (Psalms 37:7) Dr. Lucas D. Shallua
 Not being impressed by anyone or anything is one of the surest paths to a life of mediocrity. Wayne Gerard Trotman
 As muscles waste with no gravity or strain so is our minds when there is no mental challenge or substance to digest Dr. Lucas D. Shallua
 Faith is a strong fortress. Lailah Gifty Akita
 There wouldnt be life without colour. Anthony T. Hincks
 Curiosity is crucial for innovation. We are all born curious, but only a small number of people remain curious for a lifetime. Eraldo Banovac
 In the morning, people have a plan for that day. Hardworking people think of what they will do during the day, and idle people on what they should do. Eraldo Banovac
 Socrates asked the key question: why should we be moral? Arundhati Roy, The Ministry of Utmost Happiness 
 A grayeyard is not a democracy, and yet death is the great democracy.. Neil Gaiman, The Graveyard Book 
 The biggest magic of the world is DEATH. Shilpa Dasgupta
 It is my sincerest hope to leave this world in better shape than which I found it. Everyone says that. However the distinction I feel that is necessary to make is. I hope to leave this world better in spite of my departure, not because of it. Kay Whitley, Out Loud: A collection of spoken word poetry 
 The key to successful social behaviour: be approachable and understand the needs of others. Eraldo Banovac
 Kids, no matter how big your problems are ask your parents for help and advice. Eraldo Banovac
 Thirty two men keep guarding the tongue. Since it keeps a sense, still speaks non sense. Mirza Sharafat Hussain Beigh
 Mans status in the natural world is determined, therefore, by the quality of his thinking. Manly P. Hall, The Secret Teachings of All Ages 
 Be noble minded! Our own heart, and not other mens opinions of us, forms our true honor. Friedrich Schiller
 Looking into the spirit of others is sometimes like looking into a pond. Though we aim to see whats deep in the bottom, we are often distracted by our own reflection. Katina Ferguson
 Friendship is the source of the greatest pleasures, and without friends even the most agreeable pursuits become tedious. Thomas Aquinas
 Life is short and truth works far and lives long: let us speak the truth. Arthur Schopenhauer, The World as Will and Representation, Vol 1 
 Live how you live, feel how you feel and fuck all the phonies in your way. Christopher Krovatin, Heavy Metal And You 
 The only freedom which deserves the name, is that of pursuing our own good in our own way, so long as we do not attempt to deprive others of theirs, or impede their efforts to obtain it. John Stuart Mill, On Liberty 
 It is a law of nature that every decent man on earth is bound to be a coward and a slave Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Notes from Underground, White Nights, The Dream of a Ridiculous Man, and Selections from The House of the Dead 
 If you measure your life by what you own, the cavern of your heart will never be filled. James D. Maxon
 It is not the truth that people cannot handle. It is the consequences that stem from that truth. J.K. Miller II, Reborn 
 One must not judge other cultures by the standars of ones one, said Aunt Hilda Eva Ibbotson, The Morning Gift 
 To be, or not to be: what a question! E.A. Bucchianeri, Faust: My Soul Be Damned for the World: Volume I 
 The strong manly ones in life are those who understand the meaning of the word patience. Patience means restraining ones inclinations. There are seven emotions: joy, anger, anxiety, adoration, grief, fear, and hate, and if a man does not give way to these he can be called patient. I am not as strong as I might be, but I have long known and practiced patience. And if my descendants wish to be as I am, they must study patience. Tokugawa Iehiro
 A lot of people see doubt as legitimate philosophical posture. They think of themselves in the middle, whereas of course really, theyre nowhere. John le Carr, The Honourable Schoolboy 
 He who hesitates is lost. Marcus Porcius Cato
 But the elastic heart of youth cannot be compressed into one constrained shape long at a time. Mark Twain
 Io avevo bisogno di ammirare innanzi di amare. Sibilla Aleramo, A Woman 
 A man can gasp out his life beside you-and you feel none of it. Pity, Sympathy, sure-but you dont feel the pain. Your belly is whole and thats what counts. A half-yard away someones world is snuffled out in roaring agony-and you feel nothing. Thats the misery of the world. Erich Maria Remarque, Flotsam 
 A crude age. Peace is stabilized with cannon and bombers, humanity with concentration camps and pogroms. Were living in a time when all standards are turned upside-down, Kern. Today the aggressor is the shepherd of peace, and the beaten and hunted are the troublemakers of the world. Whats more, there are whole races who believe it! Erich Maria Remarque, Flotsam 
 You cant do that, it makes too much sense. Daven Anderson
 In the eyeball there is a clash between creation and reflection. The two-way globes of sight are magical revolving doors where the creative spirit meets itself in the created spirit. The eye that surveys the universe is the universes own eye. Jostein Gaarder, Maya 
 These thrill seeker people doing extreme sports...they have a hideous accident, go through agonizing recovery, and then go back to that activity that nearly killed them...thats not facing your fear, thats embracing your stupidity. Kelli Jae Baeli, Immortality or Something Like It 
 LOOK AT MY BLOOD FLOWERS, BECAUSE I WRITE WITH A SERENE SHARP BLADE THAT SOOTHES. AS MUCH AS CUTS INTO THE DEEPEST PARTS OF MY SOUL. Basith, Autopsy of the seasons 
 If he was not exactly a Spartan, he was, you might say, spartanatical. Things happened to you they were good,or they were bad - and that was the truth about everything. A.E. Coppard, Dusky Ruth: And Other Stories 
 At the same time that I am the content of a relation, I am also that which does the relating. Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore 
 And what is written well and what is written badly...need we ask Lysias or any other poet or orator who ever wrote or will write either a political or other work, in meter or out of meter, poet or prose writer, to teach us this? What is good, Phdrus, and what is not good...need we ask anyone to tell us these things? Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values 
 Todos nosotros somos seres imperfectos que vivimos en un mundo imperfecto. Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood 
 Sometimes I fear that even as a People when we take one step forward, we reel backwards ten times fold. I dont even think on the Precipice of Change will we truly move forward... It will most definitely take a Miracle. Solange nicole
 Telling the truth is less demanding than telling a lie. Eraldo Banovac
 The best advice will come from the person who has no personal interest in the matter. Eraldo Banovac
 Art is the medicine for the soul. Abhijit Naskar, The Film Testament 
 Look at this leaf. When youre standing close to it you can see every single detail of the leaf. You may think that its important to see things, like this leaf, up close but that is an incorrect notion because it is also important to view things from afar. Thats why it is necessary to look at all perspectives of an issue or of an object. --The Unnamed Samurai (Chapter 5) Melissa Rose Lawrence, The Autumnal Winds 
 All people intuitively seek emotional equanimity, freedom from anxiety, distress, and trepidation that might cause a person to lose symmetrical balance of their mind. Nature intended for human beings to live in an enthusiastic and curious manner, always exploring, striving, and creating. Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls 
 Humans are mental. You be gentle. Fakeer Ishavardas
 Maxims of Ptahhotep spoke a lot of sense Do not be arrogant because of your knowledge, but confer with the ignorant man as with the learned. Good speech is more hidden than malachite, yet it is found in the possession of women slaves at the millstones. Now THAT Ill give the green light to. The opinions, eloquence and articulacy of the man or woman on the street can often be as invaluable as precious stones. Karl Wiggins, Dogshit Saved My Life 
 Dad? Jesus asked.Yes, son? God asked.Why are people so scared of dying? Jesus asked.Because they believe that they only get one life and then they die, God said.But dad, nothing ever dies, Jesus said.You know that and I know that, but sadly, they dont know that, God said and the two of them then looked down towards the Earth. Anthony T.Hincks
 Candy always tastes better when the expectations are high. Anthony T.Hincks
 Habitual identification with discursive thought is the source of human suffering Sam Harris
 Our habitual failure to recognise thought as thought, our habitual identification with discursive thought, is the primary source of human suffering. Sam Harris
 All definitions are the interpretations of contrasts. What is, helps define what it is not! Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana, Ph.D, MBA
 Its no use going back to yesterday, because I was a different person then. Lewis Carroll, Alice in Wonderland 
 The reasonable man adapts himself to the world: the unreasonable one persists in trying to adapt the world to himself. Therefore all progress depends on the unreasonable man. George Bernard Shaw, Man and Superman 
 Hardship often prepares an ordinary person for an extraordinary destiny. Christopher Markus
 When what you hear and what you see dont match, trust your eyes. Dale Renton
 Every man is a creature of the age in which he lives and few are able to raise themselves above the ideas of the time. Voltaire
 Dont bite off more than you can chew because nobody looks attractive spitting it back out. Carroll Bryant
 Life is a constant process of dying. Arthur Schopenhauer
 No matter how many plans you make or how much in control you are, life is always winging it. Carroll Bryant
 The moment you stop trying to become a better person, is the moment you start to become worse than what you already are. Carroll Bryant
 A bird is safe in its nest - but that is not what its wings are made for. Amit Ray, World Peace: The Voice of a Mountain Bird 
 Nannys philosophy of life was to do what seemed like a good idea at the time, and do it as hard as possible. It had never let her down. Terry Pratchett, Maskerade 
 The only thing standing between you and your dreams is ... reluctance. Carroll Bryant
 Life contains but two tragedies. One is not to get your hearts desire the other is to get it. Socrates
 Stay low, stay quiet, keep it simple, dont expect too much, enjoy what you have. Dean Koontz
 But a desperate heart will seduce the mind. Mitch Albom, The Time Keeper 
 Reading is going toward something that is about to be, and no one yet knows what it will be. Italo Calvino, If on a Winters Night a Traveler 
 We are what we repeatedly do. Greatness then, is not an act, but a habit Will Durant
 It takes billions of years to create a human being. And it takes only a few seconds to die. Jostein Gaarder, Maya 
 When people say they hate life, to what are they comparing it to? The alternative isnt any more appealing. Carroll Bryant
 Nothing is as it seems, but something is everything it is made out to be. Carroll Bryant
 All I know is that I do not know anything Socrates
 Have you ever sensed that our soul is immortal and never dies? Plato, The Republic 
 Freedom of mind is the real freedom. A person whose mind is not free though he may not be in chains, is a slave, not a free man. One whose mind is not free, though he may not be in prison, is a prisoner and not a free man. One whose mind is not free though alive, is no better than dead. Freedom of mind is the proof of ones existence. B.R. Ambedkar, Writings And Speeches: A Ready Reference Manual 
 Alas, Siddhartha, I see you suffering, but youre suffering a pain at which one would like to laugh, at which youll soon laugh for yourself. Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha 
 Be wise today so you dont cry tomorrow. E.A. Bucchianeri
 There is no sun without shadow, and it is essential to know the night. Albert Camus
 I have never, in all my life, not for one moment, been tempted toward religion of any kind. The fact is that I feel no spiritual void. I have my philosophy of life, which does not include any aspect of the supernatural and which I find totally satisfying. I am, in short, a rationalist and believe only that which reason tells me is so. Isaac Asimov, I. Asimov 
 Human evolution has two steps - from being somebody to being nobodyand from being nobody to being everybody.This knowledge can bring sharing and caring throughout the world. Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
 My recipe for dealing with anger and frustration: set the kitchen timer for twenty minutes, cry, rant, and rave, and at the sound of the bell, simmer down and go about business as usual. Phyllis Diller
 We cant know or say what other people do. You have to think what you want to do to get the situation where you want it to be. E. Lockhart, The Boy Book: A Study of Habits and Behaviors, Plus Techniques for Taming Them 
 Success is getting what you want. Happiness is liking what you get. H. Jackson Brown Jr.
 Have I had two roads, I would have chosen their third. Mahmoud Darwish, In the Presence of Absence 
 If you dont want to be in an argument with someone, it is probably best to try to solve the problem, rather than lying around hoping the other person will do it for you. E. Lockhart, The Boy Book: A Study of Habits and Behaviors, Plus Techniques for Taming Them 
 Those who are wise wont be busy, and those who are too busy cant be wise. Lin Yutang, The Importance of Living 
 It comes from within. Stephen R. Covey, The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People: Powerful Lessons in Personal Change 
 No matter where you go, there you are. Keith Caserta
 ... the river is everywhere at once, at the source and at the mouth, at the waterfall, at the ferry, at the rapids, in the sea, in the mountains, everywhere at once, and that there is only the present time for it, not the shadow of the past, not the shadow of the future. Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha 
 Reality - Dreams Animal BeingReality Dreams A Heart-Ache (usually called Idealism)Reality Humor Realism (also called Conservatism)Dreams - Humor FanaticismDreams Humor FantasyReality Dreams Humor Wisdom Lin Yutang, The Importance of Living 
 YOU. ARE. PERFECT. You are. Im talking to YOU. and dont you dare think otherwise...embrace the entity of yourself...you are a puzzle piece and you are meant to be puzzling. Kaiden Blake
 Maybe you had to be dying to finally get to do what you wanted.I fidgeted around with the puzzle pieces for a while longer, but I wasnt lucky. Nothing seemed to fit without a whole lot of work.Then I had this thought: What if it was enough to realize that you would die someday, that none of this would go on forever? Would that be enough? Carol Rifka Brunt, Tell the Wolves Im Home 
 The best consolation in misfortune or affliction of any kind will be the thought of other people who are in a still worse plight than yourself and this is a form of consolation open to every one. But what an awful fate this means for mankind as a whole! We are like lambs in a field, disporting themselves under the eye of the butcher, who chooses out first one and then another for his prey. Arthur Schopenhauer, On the Suffering of the World 
 There are three conditions which often look alikeYet differ completely, flourish in the same hedgerow:Attachment to self and to things and to persons, detachmentFrom self and from things and from persons and, growing between them, indifference, ... . T.S. Eliot, Four Quartets 
 Thus the man who is responsive to artistic stimuli reacts to the reality of dreams as does the philosopher to the reality of existence he observes closely, and he enjoys his observation: for it is out of these images that he interprets life, out of these processes that he trains himself for life. Friedrich Nietzsche, Twilight of the IdolsThe Anti-Christ 
 Time changes nothing, girl, but the size of your underwear. . .and hopefully your hairdo. Minton Sparks
 A house is a compressed territory where our basic needs can be fulfilled close by and safely. Yann Martel, Life of Pi 
 Youre too young to decide to live forever. Maxine Hong Kingston, The Woman Warrior 
 Its not much. You begin by thinking there is something extraordinary about it. But youll find out, when youve been out in the world a while longer, unhappiness is the commonest thing there is. Erich Maria Remarque, Flotsam 
 There is a light within our soul that burns brighter than the sun. And we ignore it. Basith, Autopsy of the seasons 
 I am I and my circumstance and, if I do not save it, I do not save myself. Jos Ortega y Gasset, Meditations on Quixote 
 Every man must have a philosophy of life, for everyone must have a standard by which to measure his conduct. And philosophy is nothing but a standard by which to measure. B.R. Ambedkar, Writings And Speeches: A Ready Reference Manual 
 A wise man doesnt start what he doesnt know to do. Eraldo Banovac
 Solving a complicated problem can be frustrating. You can have good problem solving skills, but sometimes a problem seems like it has no solution. Nevertheless, never give up. Eraldo Banovac
 Human nature is so complicated. Those who have little, want a lot. Those who have a lot, think others have more. Those who lose, blame others for the loss. Eraldo Banovac
 Being blinded in love and friendship is a common mistake. Eraldo Banovac
 Teach your little ones about the rules of decent behaviour. When they grow up, it will be too late to learn. Eraldo Banovac
 Blessed is the heart that does not collect resentments and often dwells on them. Swami Ranganathananda
 You should be aware of fake friends because it is the hardest to be aware of. Eraldo Banovac
 Older people sometimes talk about the good old days when life was better. In fact, they talk nostalgically about their own youth that was irretrievably gone. The past century has made enormous progress in all fields. The standard of living, work environment, health care quality and mobility, and the availability of cultural programs, recreational activities and information all that clearly speaks in favor of nowadays. Eraldo Banovac
 Pain is there when you are born,Its the very first thing you feel when you come in to the world.Then why run? Face it head on, cry in it,laugh in it because in the end pain is what you will remember. Akash Lakhotia
 In reality, commissions rarely solve complicated problems. Therefore, the following question arises: what is worse to establish a commission knowing it cannot solve a complicated problem, or to believe that the commission will truly solve such a problem? Eraldo Banovac
 The essence of coexistence is quite simple: live and respect how others live. Eraldo Banovac
 The wishes of an honest man do not stretch beyond what he undoubtedly deserves. Eraldo Banovac
 Each type of knowledge has value however, from an engineering point of view, practical knowledge seems to be more valuable than theoretical knowledge. Eraldo Banovac
 Knowledge can be acquired by education, reading, communicating and observing, but also simply by living. Eraldo Banovac
 A fairy-tale life exists only in fairy tales. Eraldo Banovac
 Observing is the basis of wisdom. Eraldo Banovac
 Single hand for help is better than thousands hands of prayer. Abhishek jadaun
 A choice is an act of god, malevolent or loving is your will, free until conflicting with others who share this power, a true collision of good and evil. K.R. Royal
 Everything went back to normal and there is nothing in it for me as such. Neetesh Dixit
 Empathize with others. You may easily get into a situation where you need the understanding of others. Eraldo Banovac
 We employ our personality, what we know, think, and believe, in order to interpret the world, making self-understanding a critical act because it establishes the baseline for our philosophical and intellectual approach towards life. Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls 
 Never stop dreaming,Never get satisfied,Make you goals bigger, every-time you reach them.Be more then you were, every day. Akash Lakhotia, World Hypnotized: Making of the Fuhrer 
 Soldiers train for war, but pray for peace Mekael Shane
 Wherever you work, work hard and educate yourself continuously. You must never forget social welfare, ethics and honesty. However, there is no guarantee for your career progression. Therefore, dont expect that only the best people will be promoted. Eraldo Banovac
 Teach yourself. Help yourself. Improve yourself. Enrich yourself. Matshona Dhliwayo
 If you build it well, a satisfaction comesAn honor to say I built that with fidelity,Purpose, value and integrity Richard L. Ratliff
 Many books describe different problem solving techniques, but solving complicated problems in reality is not so easy. Eraldo Banovac
 Concerning mistakes, follow three simple rules. Firstly, correct a mistake that you made whenever it is possible. Secondly, dont repeat the same mistakes. Thirdly, learn from past mistakes. Eraldo Banovac
 It is equally important to learn from experience and from books. Eraldo Banovac
 Remember that all we have is on loan from Fortune, which can reclaim it without our permissionindeed, without even advance notice. Thus, we should love all our dear ones, but always with the thought that we have no promise that we may keep them forevernay, no promise even that we may keep them for long. Seneca
 All I have is me, myself and I and we are all getting really tired of each other. Carl R White
 To establish true self-esteem we must concentrate on our successes and forget about the failures and the negatives in our lives. - Denis Waitley. Denis Waitley
 Do not afraid of your previous mistakes, try to fix them. Kamaran Ihsan Salih, The Revealed Sense 
 Let tomorrow cross its own rivers. William Morris, The Well at the Worlds End 
 People who do not eat butterflies will wear their clothes the wrong way, and people who wear their clothes the wrong way are inviting lemmings inside. -- Muzhduk the Ugli the Third Alexander Boldizar
 Het verschil tussen vriendschap en liefde is dat vriendschap afwezigheid verdraagt. Arthur Japin
 ...we can do some historical research to see how our ancestors lived. We will quickly discover that we are living in what to them would have been a dream world that we tend to take for granted things that our ancestors had to live without... William B. Irvine, A Guide to the Good Life: The Ancient Art of Stoic Joy 
 No matter what you do if it isnt genuine its not worth doing, if it isnt meant with good heart its not worth saying, and if its a darkness around you perhaps its not worth remembering. E.E.D. Horton, Conversations With A Pigeon 
 Oppressors specialise in rasing wolves from amonst the sheep then together with the wolves devour the sheep rassool jibraeel snyman
 We do not have to believe something is right- to believe a person has a right to choose it. God doesnt force us to serve him. It is a freewill choice we make, so why in the name of all that is holy and right do we think we can force other people to live by our particular brand of religion? We are commanded to Love if we are Christ servers. Linda WellsHarr
 Even the death wont be an end of our dreams.Take your dreams to the tomb Mohammed Sekouty
 When the ocean get poisoned even a sip will be deadly Mohammed Sekouty
 A rich mans lie has more validity than a poor mans truth in a materialistc world rassool jibraeel snyman
 Weve become so civilized it is unnatural to be naked. Jeffrey Rasley
 To become a pious saint, experience first as as a ruthless killer. Kunal Narayan Uniyal
 Loneliness is an emaciation of the spirit. -Who Has Known Heights: The Mystique Memoirs of a Melancholic Mind Wheston Chancellor Grove
 The philosophy of life is the ultimate of finest thoughts that reflects yourself and your outlook about the world. Debasish Mridha
 Theres only so much room at the top of the heap. The rest of us are fill dirt. Sue Grafton
 If a religion asks one to kill another just because he or she follows not this ism, nor agrees with it then, its a hell-hole, worse than a prison. Run away, and far from it. As though your butt is on fire. And before you, yourself are imprisoned. Fakeer Ishavardas
 You wouldnt walk with your underpants stuck in your bottom, youd adjust them. So dont treat the inconvenience in your life like ill-fitting wandering underpants, adjust it to be comfortable again. conversations with a pigeon
 Im not a writer, I just express in words! Ramana Pemmaraju
 Many of us feel alone and assaulted by the meaninglessness of what we are doing. But, at such times, we are doing the problem is not a lack of activity with a point, but rather questions about the point of the activity. Carolyn G. Heilbrun, The Last Gift of Time: Life Beyond Sixty 
 Perfection Doesnt Need Adornments or Accessories to Be Called Perfect. Its more like living in the moment which cant be described even by The Wisest Ascetic on this earth. Taranpreet Singh
 Most of us are living the dream living, that is, the dream we once had for ourselves. William B. Irvine, A Guide to the Good Life: The Ancient Art of Stoic Joy 
 All I have is me, myself and I and we are all getting really tired of each other. Carl White
 The more we dig this world, the more prisoners we become El CaSophia M
 ...Tell me you believe that our lives are anything more than a ridiculous cascade of random chances. Krystal Sutherland, Our Chemical Hearts 
 The self centred disregard for anything living outside of me , is pure solipsism. One may feel the world is pure evil but its I who filters the thought through my own un - coping mind, seeking complete annihilation of the world for my own self relief ! BinYamin Gulzar
 In the stillness of my mind , I surrender to a place I call my own....Where everything that I see ,is real ,and every thing that I dont ,doesnt exist!Yet , in that very stillness I find my mind drifting in search of solace and when I open my eyes ,I find myself in the Elysian Fields of my existence ! BinYamin Gulzar
 Ive never been motivated by money it doesnt drive Me. Germany Kent
 Human beings can learn valuable lessons in conservation of necessary personal resources for accomplishing the fundamental tenants of life by observing a judiciously paced turtle determinedly and stealthily traversing the world. Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls 
 You cant be jealous of someone elses results. You dont know the prayer, process, sacrifice, and work they endured for it. Germany Kent, You Are What You Tweet: Harness the Power of Twitter to Create a Happier, Healthier Life 
 We cannot replicate other peoples lives. We must each institute and broker a personalized meaning to our exclusive existence. We must each serve as our own Zen master, awaken to our inviolate personal truth, and strive to fulfill our sui generis (unique) nature. Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls 
 Every man must find his own philosophy, his attitude towards life. Lin Yutang
 A noble journey through the travails of time calls for a person to disregard conventional social, cultural, and moral contexts and strive to cleave a personal meaning that guides their existence. Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls 
 Human mortality linked to the human ability consciously to choose how to act by exhibiting free will, humility, hard work, kindness, and compassion provide exemplary opportunities to learn and develop self-discipline. Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls 
 People should respect those who have the courage to go alone through life. Eraldo Banovac
 Neither right nor wrong. It is all manipulation of thoughts. Kunal Narayan Uniyal
 The paramount terror that plagues humankind is to live a meaningless life of an exile, an incomplete person whom fails to experience the rapture of living in an astonishing manner. Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls 
 ...our great modern error is the belief that we must invariably give up one thing in order to have another. But it is possible, for instance, to find comfort, pleasure, and beauty in food, clothing, and shelter. It is possible to find pleasure and beauty and even recreation in work. It is possible to have farms that do not waste and poison the natural world. Wendell Berry, Citizenship Papers 
 The power of the undefeatable human spirit, came alive in me, and stirred the embers of my long smoldering anger into a rage of fire. I screamed a battle cry inside myself, and felt the same vigor ignite within me that inspired men for thousands of years to fight when the odds were against them. I became passionate, as I adopted a plan to fight back and win. Sara Niles, Torn From the Inside Out 
 We need to see better to be better. Sara Niles
 Felsefeciler byle gnlk konularla urasalard ne iyi olurdu, diye dnd. Bakkal Rzaya Gitmek Meselesi zerine bir deneme yazsalard mesela. Bu konudaki btn ayrntlar ve mmkn olan btn zm yollarn bana gsterselerdi, belki o zaman daha yksek meselelere atlamam salanrd. Ouz Atay, Tehlikeli Oyunlar 
 There is a system alright, but the actual element of education has long gone. Abhijit Naskar
 Life is simple. Life is complicated. Mommy Moo Moo
 We are all each others teachers. Mommy Moo Moo
 Events fall into a pattern that we can only discern retrospectively. We credit ourselves with far more agency than we actually possess. Things happen because they happen. Neel Mukherjee, The Lives of Others 
 Live your life in such a way that youll be remembered for your kindness, compassion, fairness, character, benevolence, and a force for good who had much respect for life, in general. Germany Kent
 POSITIVE THINKING IS POWERFUL THINKING Germany Kent
 Advice to my younger self:1 Start where you are with what you have2 Try not to hurt other people3 Take more chances4 If you fail, keep trying Germany Kent
 Problems often become worse if incompetent people try to solve them. Eraldo Banovac
 Ask your friends for help if you need it. Asking for help can be costly if you dont have friends. Eraldo Banovac
 The strictest judges are ignorant people. Eraldo Banovac
 Some things unfold with time Moonish Sood
 Each moment only once Japanese Proverb
 A wise man is humble, knowing he actually doesnt know much. Eraldo Banovac
 Every fool has an idea how to change the world. Wise people think about how to improve the world around them. Eraldo Banovac
 Positive thinking is powerful thinking. Germany Kent
 Sometimes, to avoid obstacles, you must also avoid appellation. Andy Harglesis
 Never fade into your life,Never stop imagining,Never give up on your dreams,You only fail, when you think you have failed. Akash Lakhotia, World Hypnotized: Making of the Fuhrer 
 Dont think you can act perfectly. A perfect person doesnt exist. Always strive to give your best effort, and thats it. Eraldo Banovac
 Do not let time pass you by -- make it a part of you. Andy Harglesis
 It is impossible to avoid failures in life. Dont be afraid of them. Consider rather how to learn from your own failures. Eraldo Banovac
 Often ill comes from the good, as good from ill. Herman Melville, The Encantadas or Enchanted Isles: By Herman Melville - Illustrated 
 ...flight from tyranny does not of itself insure a safe asylum, far less a happy home. Herman Melville, The Encantadas or Enchanted Isles: By Herman Melville - Illustrated 
 As life goes on, images fade. Farid F. Ibrahim
 Reputation is what men and women think of us character is how we let them really know us. Carl R White
 Ive tried to solve problems to the best of my knowledge. Many times I was successful, but sometimes I also failed. And now I finally understand thats life. Eraldo Banovac
 Life is the greatest teacher because it educates even those who really hate to learn. Eraldo Banovac
 Dont pay the price for your past, let your awesome future do this. Alin Sav
 Before I can live with other folks Ive got to live with myself. The one thing that doesnt abide by majority rule is a persons conscience. Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird 
 Time is an excuse to delay. Amitav Chowdhury
 My life is my message to the world Ghandi
 Time runs independently of us, and we cannot comprehend the flow of time. Time is a category in itself. Eraldo Banovac
 To observe life as an inevitability and to observe the nuanced stratification of life are two completely different points of view on life. Eraldo Banovac
 A writer of any merit does not worry about being accepted everywhere. He must write to inspire, to change for the better or to challenge the status quo! Avijeet Das
 Dont cry after my death, I wont know it.Love me when I am alive. Luffina Lourduraj
 People fear what they dont understand. Jordan Hoechlin
 Live to revel in just another twilight. Life may sink and disappear along with the sunset never to rise again Munia Khan
 Either you suffer& die or you choose to fight& rebirth until dreams cometh true and reach you home. Ankit Samrat
 Loneliness was an inseparable part of being human. Elif Shafak, Black Milk: On Writing, Motherhood, and the Harem Within 
 Every page turnedshould be the page read Kunal Narayan Uniyal, UNANSWERED 
 Our history, especially that of the great religions, Christianity in particular, has given us a hidden prejudice in favor of the beyond at the expense of the here and now and this must be changed.(quoted from The Age of Atheists by Peter Watson, p 25) Luc Ferry, LHomme-Dieu Ou Le Sens de La Vie 
 We are all born extraordinary! shape your today to cherish your tomorrow Kamal Khanzada
 When you are so insignificant your choices dont really matter, the waves you create are like grain of sand landing in the ocean. Brandon J. Barnard, Haze 
 Since capitalism is a system based of the love of money,doesnt that make it the root of all evil? Alan VanMeter
 What do the words plant and plan have in common? Yes, correct, its the word PLAN.Mind Gardening is a mindful thinking and planning philosophy. Stan Jacobs, The Dusk And Dawn Master: A Practical Guide to Transforming Evening and Morning Habits, Achieving Better Sleep, and Mastering Your Life 
 God can take the ordinary and create the extraordinary. Our incredible God has the power to transform your simple life and give you the life of your dreams. Remarkable things happen in your life when you believe. Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Heart Crush 
 To pretend is to know oneself. Fernando Pessoa, Always Astonished 
 You dont want it, but the destiny oblige it Kamaran Ihsan Salih
 How we need that security. How we need another soul to cling to, another body to keep us warm. To rest and trust to give your soul in confidence: I need this. I need someone to pour myself into. Sylvia Plath
 The existence of true religion is predicated on the practice of goodness. Goodness is Godliness. There is nothing else. Religion lies in practice, not in bookish theories. Abhijit Naskar
 Make a little effort to give up your insignificant quarrels and eventually a better world will follow. Abhijit Naskar
 With the glorious flames of compassion in your heart, embrace the goodness from all religions. Abhijit Naskar
 You be good. Thats your business. The rest, leave to God. Thats his business. Fakeer Ishavardas
 Happiness is, when it comes to the understanding of its meaning, to sometimes be unhappy. Hasse Jerner
 Adapting to changes represents an important characteristic of human nature, essential for the development of human society. Eraldo Banovac
 I want to say this to every stepmother: take it a little easier, try not to be so insistent, try not to have your desires dominateand not just with the stepchildren, but with your husband, your family, your friends. The moment you step back from whatever it is that exasperates you, you get an unrestricted view of the situationand you can take a breath before you move forward. Margit Eva Bernard, STEP BACK: A Stepmothers Handbook 
 Humankind has turned to world into a cruel and inhospitable place. The thing that makes it all bearable is the potential for loving companionship. Christopher Earle
 The society we have described can never grow into a reality or see the light of day, and there will be no end to the troubles of states, or indeed, my dear Glaucon, of humanity itself, till philosophers become rulers in this world, or till those we now call kings and rulers really and truly become philosophers, and political power and philosophy thus come into the same hands. Plato, Platos Republic Plato
 Humankind has turned the world into a cruel and at times inhospitable place. The thing that makes it all bearable is the potential for loving companionship. Christopher Earley
 Humankind has turned the world into a cruel and at times inhospitable place. The thing that makes it all bearable is the potential for loving companionship. Christopher Earle
 Our thoughts shape us. We become our obsessions. Our thoughts can enslave us or save us. Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls 
 Disappointment is a blessing. If you were never disappointed, youd never know what was important to you. Kamand Kojouri
 We each appear only one time in history. Whatever occurs in our life will never occur again. Our life is significant and worthy of living if we are brave, love fearlessly, and remain optimistic regardless of our earthly hardships. Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls 
 We become the product of our recurrent thoughts. Writing is one method of explicating upon our thoughts, condensing multiple scenes, times, and ideas, and editing our fragmented beliefs. Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls 
 Observing Subjectively Objecting subjections intimately. The Sublime from the relaxed state of awe, hatches the state of beauty which flows through.As Above So Below,As Within So Without,The Monad of Experience. Kevin John Kull
 A living philosophy entails a conscious act of awareness. Without a living philosophy to guide and support us, we are not living as receptive, thinking, and emotionally responsive human beings we are merely surviving as people. Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls 
 Each of us experiences the perpetual revival of the self. We constantly recast our connate emotional index by perceiving each encounter in life as a marvel, impedance, problem, disaster, or nothing at all. Living in the moment allows us to escape the lonely landscape of self-interest and be part of a larger world filled with beauty, reverence, and adoration. Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls 
 The foundation stone of all philosophy is self-knowledge and being true to thy self. A person must address an inner necessity in order to realize the fundamental truth about oneself, seek self-improvement, and gain knowledge through experience. Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls 
 Everyday you have a new chapter to write about your journey of life. As you write that chapter do it so well such that if others read it, you would still be proud of yourself. Gugu Mona
 mi ador neputina. Ea e salvarea mea, m scutete de regrete. mi zic nu pot i cu asta am terminat, nu mai am niciun repro s-mi fac. Sunt omul cu cele mai puine dezamgiri, pentru c am evitat s am sperane. i las pe alii s-i umple viaa cu deziluzii. Octavian Paler, Un om norocos 
 Adharmenaidhate tabat, tato bhadrani pashyati, tatah sapatnan jayati, - samulastu vinashyati. In unrightousness they prosper, in it they find their good, through it they defeat their enemies, - but they perish at the root. Rabindranath Tagore, Thought Relics 
 The theories we find untrue, are those we cannot accept. Jacques S Cantin
 My philosophy of life: Dont just sit around doing nothing and wasting your timeget off your butt and start doing something and wasting your time. Clifford Cohen
 An examined life, an enigmatic investigation of reality, is required in order for a person to realize a transcendent spiritual journey. A contemplative soul is bound to live life more intensely than someone whom is concerned exclusively with living an external existence. Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls 
 Each person is chargeable with the essential task to make his or her thought processes as refined as possible. Every person must declare what important distinctions will allow him or her to live a vivid and reflection filled life. Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls 
 Understanding of oneself is the first act in establishing a transformative philosophy for living a vivid and a reflective existence. Knowing thy self is essential to designing and instigating a meaningful life that is self-directed instead of exclusively controlled by innate traits and external determinates. Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls 
 Some wear greed as a fine suit of clothes. But you, my son, bear its stamp ever more poorly. Patrick deWitt
 if not try then catch Ahmad Moawad
 Philosophic concepts are a form of sentiment. Conflicts between lofty ideas and vouchsafed values are endemic for any thinking person. Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls 
 Those who succumb to pain find weakness in emotion and strength in reason. Jacques S Cantin
 How has he moved so quickly from childlike navit to existential panic? Michael Grant, Katherine Applegate
 Because I am exactly where I should be, doing exactly what I should be doing. That is peace. Sara Pennypacker, Pax 
 Intelligent individuals learn from every thing and every one average people, from their experiences. The stupid already have all the answers. Socrates
 Every person interprets the silence that surrounds him or her. The eternal silence of the universe that we exist in is terrifying because it forces each of to ask what our purpose is, why are we here, and what should I do? Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls 
 Take heart. Youre not alone. Every broken heart breathes again. Thats life. It goes on. In loss, and in gain. Fakeer Ishavardas
 We each possess the ability creatively to respond to the ontological mystery of our existence. Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls 
 Some even peek through their computer screens to see themselves on FB as others see them, in order to be sure of who they really are. In effect, they have become self-voyeurs! Nicos Hadjicostis
 Personal discontent and lost illusion is the catalysis and the principal theme for every book ever written. The sign of maturity is when a person finally realizes that they would rather live truthfully than persist indulging his or her comforting delusions. Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls 
 The purpose of life is to become acquainted with the deepest recesses of a persons own mind by reflecting upon what a person reads, witnesses, and personally experiences. Wisdom is a form of power. Lacking knowledge of the world and without comprehending the essence of humanity, we can never know the truth of our own being. Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls 
 What is seen by all on FB becomes what each person also sees in the mirror when he sees himself. The others gaze, but also the others values, opinions, and judgements become ones own. Nicos Hadjicostis
 Irrespective of what religious or intellectual philosophy guides an enlightened persons life plan, self-mastery plays an important, if not quintessential role. Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls 
 A person must face the root cause of their relentless personal pain. Irrespective of whatever bricks buttress our youthful personal philosophy, pain avoidance, and pain therapy are likely two of its foundation stones. Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls 
 We can learn personal humility from episodes that generate shame and guilt. After retiring from worldly affairs and drawing useful lessons from personal disgrace, we must resume living an expedient life devoted to appreciating truth, beauty, and love. Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls 
 Para tener lo que quieres, tienes que saber exactamente qu es a lo que ests dispuesto a renunciar. C. S. Pacat
 There is nothing so special or boring nor there are any weak or strong things in this world. It is we and our surficial perception that creates these types of environment Rajendra Ojha
 Every day of our lives, we create a poetical statement of our being the locus of emotions that we call the soul by how we think, act, and express opinions and sentiments. Our interlinked verses making transforms and continues to alter the world for present and future generations by reconciling thought with time and matter, and harmonizing people with a physical and social world. Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls 
 I too am my own forerunner, though I sit in the shadows of my trees and seem motionless. Kahlil Gibran, Esprits rebelles 
 There comes a point in our lives where light bothers us more than darkness , we get used to bad happening around us than good , happiness makes us more anxious than sadness and at that moment , we dont mind our lives going chaotic as everything seems to be in order . Rahul Kumar K.
 When you give suggestion, you become a Guru, you enjoy becoming superior to the poor chap. This makes other feel inferior. And it is against ones ego to feel inferior to someone. This is why a meditator gives suggestion only when it is utmost necessary or the other person specifically seeks his suggestion. Rahul Karn, Zensational Stories: Volume 1 
 Because I am exactly where I should be, doing exactly what I should be doing. That is peace. Pax, Pennypacker. Sara Pennypacker.
 When you find what keeps you smiling, you have found true happiness When what makes you smile helps others, you have found your purpose in life... Adam Benten Dula
 An avalanche is just a snowflake that got pissed off. Andi James Chamberlain
 I like it subdued and tepid, with far to much milk Andi James Chamberlain, ONE MAN AND HIS DOGMA: A Novel 
 Stop giving people the power to control your smile, your worth, your attitude and your day. Dont give anyone that much power over your life. Germany Kent
 So when the ruling ideology enjoins us to enjoy sex, not to feel guilty about it, since we are not bound by any prohibitions whose violations should make us feel guilty, the price we pay for this absence of guilt is anxiety. Slavoj iek, The Puppet and the Dwarf: The Perverse Core of Christianity 
 He who is desireless, self-reliant, independent and free of bonds functions like a dead leaf blown about by the wind of causality . Ashtavakra Gita
 Life itself is a chance. Andy Harglesis
 I have tried to live my life with no regrets. Because regrets will become guilt in some cases, and guilt eats away at your sanity. James Hauenstein
 While a man of pure intelligence may achieve thegoal by the most casual of instruction, another may seek knowledge all his life and still remain bewildered. Ashtavakra Gita
 Since the beginning of the human tribe around 10,000 years ago, tell me, has there been a single day in our collective human history where a man did not kill another man?The anticipated answer saddens and empties my heart of any promise. Adam Kovacevic
 life is short,before one can catch up with this ,time would ring the bell-hey-day is off litymunshi
 The world knows caterpillar becomes butterfly but they dont care that it also becomes a moth. One is diurnal another nocturnal.Human once awakened can change the view to change self from Angulimala to a Buddha Milarepa, The Hundred Thousand Songs of Milarepa 
 The universe doesnt waste anything. Sometimes, we just dont have standing to see how events or experiences are important. Adrin Lamo
 Generate an idea which you can follow, not what people would interpret. Kunal Narayan Uniyal
 Trying to think the unthinkable, is doing something unnatural to thought. Ashtavakra Gita
 Raise your children dont train them RjS rassool jibraeel snyman
 Desire and anger are objects of the mind, but the mind is not yours, nor ever has been. You are choiceless, awareness itself and unchanging - so live happily. Ashtavakra Gita
 You may recite or listen to countless scriptures, but you will not be established within until you can forget everything. Ashtavakra Gita
 This existence is just imagination. It is nothing in reality, but there is no non-being for natures that know how to distinguish being from non being. Ashtavakra Gita
 It struck him that the true characteristic thing about modern life was not its cruelty and insecurity, but simply its bareness, its dinginess, its listlessness. George Orwell, 1984 
 you have everything. still ,you have nothing . sad . litymunshi
 Sexual ecstasy is like death. It is one of the secrets of natures wisdom. Marcus Aurelius
 Tears streamed down her wrinkled face. This world that she had longed to change for the better was as bad as the one into which she had been born. An exercise in futility, she murmured. Gary Inbinder, The Hanged Man: A Mystery in Fin de Siecle Paris 
 Whoever believes in getting water feels no thirst. Ali bin Abi Thalib a.s.
 Aunque parezca una paradoja, hay que hacer lo posible por no regresar a aquellos lugares donde hemos visto de cerca la felicidad. As se mantendrn intactos en nuestro recuerdo para siempre. Cesare Fiumi, La strada di tutti: On the road, sulle piste di Jack Kerouac 
 Only god has the privilege of abandoning us. Men can only drop us Emil M. Cioran, The Trouble with Being Born 
 At the touch of love everyone becomes a poet Plato, The Symposium 
 Ante la muerte no hay nada que podamos hacer, es algo que est fuera de nuestro alcance. Mientras seguimos vivos lo nico que podemos hacer es vivir. Miquel Reina, Luces en el Mar 
 Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit Kahlil Gibran, Love Letters in the Sand: The Love Poems of Khalil Gibran 
 Success is mainly the result of hard work. Eraldo Banovac
 A person who finds grace never lacks the courage to endure, remain resolute in principles and action in the face of an easy collapse into anger, insanity, and self-destruction when living in an increasing chaotic world filled with armed conflict, terrorism, and cultural discord. Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls 
 If you lived a good life, you either lived to save or died to save that which must be saved and kept. Your life would never be meaningless. Not even for a moment. Melita Tessy, Battle of the Spheres: Crust, Mantle and Core 
 Reality does not create the entire womb of human life. We have eyes that witness truth and beauty. We are creatures that think, plan, dream, and remember. The lambent luminescence supplied by human memory reveals that we live in a dream world. Human imagination tied to memory tells us how to live today and forevermore. Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls 
 How do you know youre not dreaming? Or not dead? Neo Shamon
 Tedium and boredom are related, but not identical. Tedium comes from a person lacking an ideology to live by the dulling fear fomented in the soul after confronting the paucity of life. Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls 
 Your say is not yours unless you say it Satyajeet Mujgule
 A person must never live a lie. We free ourselves to live a full life by discovering the courage to face our illusions and live a true life. Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls 
 All of life is an amphitheater where we each serve as an appreciative member of the audience until the sublime play ends with our death. The chapters and verses in our life story reflect what we value how appreciative we are for our time to work, play, laugh, cry, and create. Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls 
 A person without a philosophy for living is at the tender mercy of other people. Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls 
 A person shattered by their loss in faith must come to terms with the underlying fear and tension of his or her austere solitude and knowingly accept that the universe is utterly indifferent to a persons survival. Establishment of an ethical code a philosophical stance that enables a person to accept the absurdity of living in a world indifferent to them is the ultimate challenge. Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls 
 El reproche y la culpa solo sirven para aprisionarnos y para no dejarnos avanzar. Miquel Reina, Luces en el Mar 
 Driving a car provides a person with a rush of dopamine in the brain, which hormonal induced salience spurs modalities of creative and critical thinking regarding philosophical concepts such as truth, logical necessity, possibility, impossibility, chance, and contingency. Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls 
 A happy man doesnt reconsider life. Eraldo Banovac
 Sometimes people think the old days were better than today. Even though life was simpler and slower, it was not necessarily easier. Eraldo Banovac
 In real life, the truth is a rarity, while lies are common place. Eraldo Banovac
 Acquiring knowledge is the most fruitful effort. Eraldo Banovac
 Education is just KnowledgeYour attitude, Your Behavior Is not depends on YourEducation M.Zuber Bhoja
 Ignorance is a crime against ones self rassool jibraeel snyman
 Living deeply requires more than a static vivisection of a persons history and a cold survey of the world. Living a meaningful life entails immersion in the continuous flow of life through passionate thinking, observation, and directed action. Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls 
 Before fighting for truth, find the truth. Kunal Narayan Uniyal
 Help your fatherAs he ages And loses his strengthFor it was he who sheltered youAnd protected you from the stormsKhoiSan Book of Wisdom rassool jibraeel snyman
 You are meant to lose the people you love. How else would you know how important they are to you? Benjamin Button, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button 
 Perfection is not to be attained, but to be pursued infinitely. Abhijit Naskar
 Dare to contradict the scientist, not because of your scripture, but because of your own rational thinking. Abhijit Naskar
 Be gentle with othersFor many hurt though you see it notSome wounds are invisible yet deepKhoiSan Book of Wisdom rassool jibraeel snyman
 , Divya Prakash Dubey, Musafir Cafe 
 Seek not the favours of menFor man is fickleHis favours come at a priceAnd always changeChoose carefully your friendsFor a friend today could be a foe tomorrowFor such is the way of the worldTest your friends and if they pass the musterKeep them close to youFor they will be shield to you and you themKhoiSan Book of Wisdom rassool jibraeel snyman
 i closed my eyes and i loved you ... dreams are such beautiful things rassool jibraeel snyman
 You areBut why? Kunal Narayan Uniyal, UNANSWERED 
 Make not the scars of yesterdayMake you bitter todayYesterday has passedAnd like water in a river once passed Can never be returnedThe KhoiSan Book of Wisdom rassool jibraeel snyman
 Guys, close your eyes.Imagine you have a daughter. Imagine she is dating a guy like you. Did you smile? No?Then change. chocolate socrates
 Fear no one nor kneel before themFor many seek to be your god and masterAnd you sacrificial lamb in their fevered plansAnd insane ambitionsKhoiSan Book of Wisdom rassool jibraeel snyman
 Where has Arnold been? I said. ... the Westwoods get in the papers.Patting the orphans.Getting homes for the homeless.Legs for the legless. She was laughing as she said it.Blind dogs, I said. Dogs for the blind, that is.Patting blind dogs. We both laughed and drank. Getting legs for them.Homes for legless, blind orphan dogs. Maybe we were both a little drunk, on bourbon or on the past. James Ferron Anderson, TERMINAL CITY 
 Inner peace comes from a clear conscience. Eraldo Banovac
 Living honestly is a prerequisite for a clear conscience. Eraldo Banovac
 The book from which to learn religion, is your own mind. Abhijit Naskar, In Search of Divinity: Journey to The Kingdom of Conscience 
 At times, look back towards your ancient days, drink deep from the eternal fountain of wisdom long gone, and then look ahead. Abhijit Naskar
 Shred the fake mask of humility into pieces. And put on the mask of arrogance if needed. Abhijit Naskar
 Indoctrination is dangerous. Abhijit Naskar
 Never trust books on the question of whether or not to trust your rational thinking. Trust your rational thinking on the question of whether or not to trust the books. Abhijit Naskar
 The past and fool are the most dangerous weapons that poison our mind and heart SANGEETHA MANIMARAN
 Religion is an experience, not a bunch of doctrines. Abhijit Naskar
 In order to attain extraordinary greatness, first you need to be drowned in the deepest fathoms of helplessness, misery and heartache. Abhijit Naskar
 There is no religion better than love, no color better than the color of happiness and no language better than the language of compassion. Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost 
 There are more things in our biology that make us one, than there are to set us apart. Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost 
 Harmony doesnt come merely through tolerance. You dont need to tolerate people from other cultural backgrounds. It is time you start loving them. Toleration may make you a decent person, but it is love that makes you a true human being. Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost 
 Harmony doesnt come merely through tolerance. You dont need to tolerate people from other cultural backgrounds. It is time you start loving them. Toleration may make you a decent person, but it is love that makes you a true human being. The greatest religion that you can ever have throughout your entire existence is love. Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost 
 A Christian sits in his or her well and thinks that the whole world is his or her well. The Jew sits in his or her little well and thinks that it is the whole world. A Muslim sits cooped up in his or her tiny well and believes it to be the whole universe. The same goes for a Hindu and all others. Also, atheists are no different from all those orthodox believers. Abhijit Naskar
 Everything that makes you, you, is a biologically existential expression of your entire brain. Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind? 
 It is a tragedy of modern life that the light of truth scares the society much more than the darkness of ignorance. Abhijit Naskar
 Truth, by all means is the ultimate reward for all the sufferings of the human mind that often compel even the strongest of characters to get down on his or her knees. Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost 
 It is an utter insult towards the fascinating neurons of your cerebral cortex, to believe anybodys words blindly, even if that person is a Scientist or a Philosopher. So, I urge to you, that you must exercise your own reasoning and judgment (thats what your cerebral cortex is for to be specific the frontal lobes) at all times. Abhijit Naskar, In Search of Divinity: Journey to The Kingdom of Conscience 
 Es la fuerza de los secretos, de las cosas ocultas por demasiado tiempo, las cicatrices que no se cierran, aquello que te lleva en ocasiones a la perdicin. A veces es mejor no saberlo todo, sobre todo cuando saber ya no sirve para nada. Maia Losch, All donde el viento espera 
 Life is not about reasons, explanations, interpretations, or solutions. Its all about actions and reactions. Dipin Damodharan
 Ive been through so many things in life, and I have come to deduce one thing above all else: I care for nothing in this world save writing, books, everything else is an obstruction it will always come second. Ndiritu Wahome, The Girl With The Flawless Face 
 What we do with our lives largely depends on the philosophy of life we have subjected our lives to as a way of living life, and which controls, move and directs our lives! Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Religion, Philosophy and life 
 Excessive religiosity is killing so many religious people knowingly or unknowingly Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Religion, Philosophy and life 
 Me sent aliviada porque la confesin es una transferencia, un intercambio de responsabilidades: uno (o una) confiesa que hizo algo inadecuado y, el haber sido capaz de sincerarnos nos convierte -al menos ante nuestros propios ojos-, en una persona digna. Maia Losch, All donde el viento espera 
 The optimist sees the glass as half full, the pessimist as half empty. What I see is water that can save someones life. Abhijit Naskar
 Dont judge people by their religious, cultural, or professional background. Judge if you must, by their behavior with other people. Abhijit Naskar
 It is high time that you break the shackles of separatism and with the glorious flames of love, compassion and humanism in heart, you assimilate the goodness from all around you. Let love and compassion reign over the modern human civilization and hatred be a matter of ancient history. Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost 
 Let love and compassion reign over the modern human civilization and hatred be a matter of ancient history. Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost 
 -Cada uno se miente como puede -dije-. Yo soy una experta en eso. Maia Losch, All donde el viento espera 
 He was an animal. Everyone knows never to corner one thats injured...even if it is just his pride. Kayla Krantz, Alive at Sunset 
 Any idea of separation is bondage. True liberation of the mind is in non-differentiation. Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost 
 Every word that comes out of my neurons is to make humanity see that there are more things in our biology that make us one, than there are to set us apart. My goal is simple. It is to take the human civilization with me on the path of sweet general harmony. Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost 
 A successful life is sharing things with others.It teaches us to take care for others. Manoj Kudemelly
 Most of the modern human society has nearly lost the faculty of observing the internal mechanism. Abhijit Naskar
 Plenty are the tastes and plenty are the paths. Abhijit Naskar
 In the non-dual state, God, soul and universe are essentially one absolute system which is all-pervading, uncreated, self-luminous and eternal. Abhijit Naskar
 There is always a choice. Always. So do not say, you had no choice. Good or bad, doing it or not, is about you, not choices. Always. Fakeer Ishavardas
 So many of us hide from ourselves and we dont even know who we are and why were we here? All peoples will prove they are better and put fake masks on their own faces. Every people pretend herself what they actually not from inside. Afraid to show the reality and hide their best quality. You just have to learn to be yourself and what really makes you happy, or other things that are not important and what others think of you is not important at all. Silentknight0
 Dear Woman,You are a beautiful flower of earth, allow the rain to feed you the same strength as the sun. Dont stop growing through the storms, they are sent to test how solid your soil is not too destroy your roots. Keysha Jade, Intoxicated stained tears 
 We make our own music. We paint our own future. A.P. Sweet, dead, but dreaming 
 Hate gets no god. Fakeer Ishavardas
 If your needs are little, you are rich enough. Fakeer Ishavardas
 As Garp put it, You only grow by coming to the end of something and by beginning something else. Even if these so-called endings and beginnings are illusions. John Irving, The World According to Garp 
 The purpose of lifeis to give our life purpose. A.J. Beirens
 How big is a mans life? asked Ultan.I have no way of knowing, but isnt it larger than that?You see it from the beginning, and anticipate much. I, recollecting it from its termination, know how little there has been. I suppose that is why the depraved creatures who devour the bodies of the dead seek more. Gene Wolfe
 Work a lifetime to pay off a house. you finally own it, and theres nobody to live in it. Arthur Miller
 The beauty of the past lies in-between the perpetual unhappiness of the future and of those who live it. Daniele Mauro
 Life itself is a rickety building William Golding
 Have faith in What Is. You will get your due, good or not so good, to your liking or not, but in time, as it is meant to be. Fakeer Ishavardas
 Love is beyond the physical. Lailah Gifty Akita
 The moment you step into a garden and begin to cultivate and prune, you become a killer. Andrew J. Robinson, A Stitch in Time 
 Be who your are, do not be what people want you to be Kamaran Ihsan Salih
 Each stage of your lifeis like petals of a flower... unfolding and opening until it comes to full bloom...You will blossom and then you die...But know that this is not your ending. Summerlyn Guthrie
 Proudness is from ignorance, humbleness is from wisdom Kamaran Ihsan Salih
 If philosophy gets you lost in the labyrinth of symbols that distance us from reality, then it is part of the problem if it motivates positive action that can create a better world, philosophy is usually a gift. Oli Anderson, Personal Revolutions: A Short Course in Realness 
 Kindness is the sacred act to transform lives. Lailah Gifty Akita
 Oh yeah, God is great! Well, why ant you, mate? Fakeer Ishavardas
 Be gone, before you do. Fakeer Ishavardas
 The land of delight is holy sanctuary. Lailah Gifty Akita
 If you take it step by step, you shall least miss a step! Ernest Agyemang Yeboah
 Do it or not, but do. Fakeer Ishavardas
 Life is for a specific mission. Lailah Gifty Akita
 Opposition stood in my way, but I persevered against all odds and in the process gained my freedom as well as became a man whose future is like the universecosmos...INFINITE Pierre Richard Lauture
 The sacred soul writes the sacred words. Lailah Gifty Akita
 Good heart, good spirit. Lailah Gifty Akita
 Wisdom is worth more than money. Lailah Gifty Akita
 vital sempre fazer o melhor na condio que voc tem enquanto no tem condies melhores para fazer melhor ainda. Mario Sergio Cortella
 Nature loves to hide. Heraclitus
 There must be no final truths only burning questions. John Marmysz, The Nihilist: A Philosophical Novel 
 When you arrive at the destination, never forget where the journey began. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 We are heavenly beings. Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great! 
 Who can understand the profound mystery of God? Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great! 
 So long as we exist, death is not with us but when death comes, then we do not exist Epicurus
 If we agree that God did not create poverty then, in my opinion, it came in to being as a consequence of human rights violations. Q.M. Sidd
 Why doubt thyself? Believe in your abilities. Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great! 
 The saddest of all tragedies - the wasted life Aristotle
 Do you not wonder about the mysteries of life? Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great! 
 Life is spiritual. Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great! 
 Peace and gladness in every home is a peace for the society, nation and the world. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 How could we have discovered great lands, if we dare not travel? Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 The end toward which all human acts are directed is happiness. Aristotle
 If we agree that God did not create poverty, then in my opinion, poverty came in to being as a consequence of human rights violations. Q.M. Sidd
 We can find peace among ourselves, when we find peace with nature. Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great! 
 Vomit and shit, even your own, stink. Sheeja Jose, Goodbye Girl 
 Proving ones innocence is as improbable as going to Pluto fora honeymoon. It could take away everything you had in life, dearones, dreams, hopes and, most importantly, the right to have yourfreedom. Sheeja Jose, Goodbye Girl 
 Our life today is a history of tomorrow. Lailah Gifty Akita, The Alphabets of Success: Passion Driven Life 
 One can only ask to play as well as possible the notes one is given. Peter Heg
 Divine self is holy being. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 All you ever need is God. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 A daring faith, a willing spirit. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 Life is a game of chance. You ought to play the game. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 And if I have the gift of prophesy, all-wisdom and great faith but without love, I am nothing. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 No hay locura ms grande que ver la vida como es y no como debera ser Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra, Don Quixote von la Mancha 
 Time is a valuable wealth. Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great! 
 If we fail to learn from our trials and errors then we truly fail. Lindsey Rietzsch
 Release your past into the universe and embrace your future with opened arms. Delma Pryce, ABOVE AND BEYOND: My Spiritual Journey 
 No ideology is worth a Human life. Adriano Bulla
 If you feel all damp and lonely like a mushroom, find the thick, creamy soup of joyfulness and just dive into it in order to make life tastier Munia Khan
 A reader knows the mind of sacred souls. Lailah Gifty Akita
 If we knew when we woke up that it would be the last day of our lives, we would transform every little act of our daily humdrum into small farewells. Alexandre A. Loch, Laplatia 
 he who speaks parables knows and understands the real meaning of parables better Ernest Agyemang Yeboah
 What is the meaning of life? Why are we here? Philosophers have pondered that question for centuries. Im afraid the answer is disappointingly simple: Mating. Thats it. Oliver Markus, Why Men And Women Cant Be Friends 
 though excessive pride may seek for freedom, it may only see freedom in chains Ernest Agyemang Yeboah
 Religions were never meant to be followed but thought for. It turned nasty when was turned into human ego, blasted straight out of furnace of hatred for fellow being. Kunal Narayan Uniyal, UNANSWERED 
 that which deludes you to be unhappy can be overpowered by another delusion that causes greater unhappiness Devdutt Pattanaik
 Humility and level-headedness are traits, which have accrued upon me over the years, during the rites of my passage through time. They were thrust down my throat by the hands of Destiny and the Almighty, both of who are far greater, far grander, and far more mysterious and mystic, than all that we ordinary mortals can ever humanly conceive or comprehend. - Bhakti Vedanta Anandamurthy Thiruvadiar. ( A Character in the book) Biju Vasudevan
 Hatred is as much an attachment as desire. Love liberates. Chaitanya
 The singular truth and purpose of being alive- joy. Indestructible, perpetual joy. Dipan Vaishnav
 A fool is someone who wants you to apologise for your intelligence -rassool jibraeel snyman rassool jibraeel snyman
 Hmmm.. We are like children in a bus with faulty brakes on a hill, eventually we will meet our collusion point. Well blindly some of us may think of sacking out all the good out of the bus before it meets its end, but what is really there to sack out. Some places are hard to to get out of. Allan Amanyire
 to live and leave indelible footprints, think of the rocks Ernest Agyemang Yeboah
 If intellect could be acquired from books, nobody would have been more intellectual than a book monger. Kunal Narayan Uniyal, UNANSWERED 
 Il faut toujours remercier ses ennemis.Sans eux, tu nvoluerais pas. Bernard Werber, Le livre du voyage 
 Beware of leaders who prefer controlling 100 of nothing over sharing a fortune. Julion Okram
 Passion is a deep love for sacred activity. Lailah Gifty Akita
 Life is a gift. Accept the sacred existence Lailah Gifty Akita
 Words of wisdom are easier said when shown, otherwise, they are incomprehensible. Michael Brett Turner
 Everything we experience in life is designed to shape our characters. Delma Pryce, ABOVE AND BEYOND: My Spiritual Journey 
 As my mind changes, so do my quotes. I empathize with those who, by force, are put on trial for their own clarity of conscience. For that, we must convene by force of argument. Michael Brett Turner
 Enlightenment lacks any form of judgment. Kamand Kojouri
 When you choose to look down on something, you render yourself incapable of understanding it. Stewart Stafford
 Instead of allowing a situation to alter your attitude negatively. Let your positive attitude alter the situation. karan godara
 Life is about refinement, not perfection. And you still have refining to do. Dan Millman, The Journeys of Socrates 
 Funny thing about the darkness... It can be defeated by the dimmest shimmer of light!So on your darkest days let even a little bit of light in Summerlyn Guthrie
 Do not drown yourself into fantasy, whatever you can do, do it now, do not wait for tomorrow to come. Kamaran Ihsan Salih, Latest Proverbs 
 Life is like Mother Nature - unpredictable. Friends relatives who promise to help, will avoid you when you need them. Then, you struggle to get through and suddenly, some stranger walks in offering you the help you needed. The hope, the betrayal and the miracle...all are just part of our life... Sandhya Jane
 Do a bit research before you plan. Kamaran Ihsan Salih, The Revealed Sense 
 He was a thinker, but also a man of action. Dan Millman
 Life consists on lightness and darkness, when you reached to lightness, prepare your tools for darkness Kamaran Ihsan Salih, The Revealed Sense 
 It may take a lifetime for an individual to live, but it takes just under four seconds for the occupants of the Seville to live a collective life. Bradley Somer, Fishbowl 
 Man was not meant for safe harbor. Aeschlyus
 Let lessons learnt be like fingers burned. Gentle reminders imploring us to stay away from fire. karan godara
 Flowers wither away when put through harsh conditions. Humans, on the other hand, have a choice. A choice to wither away or blossom. karan godara
 Number 1 is perhaps not the ideal. It is there for the one behind, the number 2. Mr 2 would learn a whole lot more being who he is than ever being Mr 1. Perhaps there is more to the phrase OddOneOut. Nikhil Sharda, Sans Destination 
 Let lessons learnt be like fingers burned. Gentle reminders imploring us to stay away from fire. It is a mark of folly to make the same mistake twice. karan godara
 All we must do is take small steps. Steps with the belief that someday, all those small steps will culminate into a giant leap, a fitting finale. karan godara
 He who knows the Why for his existence is able to bear almost any How. Viktor E. Frankl, Mans Search for Meaning 
 -Truly, freeing oneself in ones own mind is only the first step on a path of freedom.- Mark Alberto Yoder Nunez, The Spider Lady and Other Short Stories and Poetry 
 The mirror it was and life it spelled,The road ahead, and the time past stepped,All gathered in one one to all paired,My life is so different from all the worlds threads.My breaths are mine, my woes are too,If my life were put through you,You sure would unlikely pursue,It should be left for me to gather,I am its sculptor, mine would be the hammer. Jasleen Kaur Gumber
 Let nothing put me to unease,nothing to deceive.I have conceived,I exist.Because I am blessed,To gather time,in hearing,my breath,so tranquil.To life,I am, thankful. Jasleen Kaur Gumber, Ginger and Honey: An unusual free verse poetry collection 
 Identity is not the face,Identity is not the trait,Neither is it the success pace,Nor is it the personality grace.Let alone it being your clich phrase,Or did you think,Its some religious faith?My child, its alarming that its none,Its even not tongue,Then how can it be, what problems you have overcomeAnd the person you have become! Jasleen Kaur Gumber, Ginger and Honey: An unusual free verse poetry collection 
 Hanging conversations,uncertain observations,incomplete imaginations.Unsent text messages,unreplied mails,undecided calls,unattended places.Unsettled pledges,distant searches.Some underutilized wages,some unseen dreams,sitting on dried leaves,believing the unbelievedbidding adieu,to the accepted,how much she wanted todo,what was,detested! Jasleen Kaur Gumber, Ginger and Honey: An unusual free verse poetry collection 
 I will never see the day where I choose to fall upon my own sword of refuge. In knowing this, I also know that you will never ultimately defeat me for my life is my own, and I will see to it accordingly. Danish Sayanee
 Sometimes it is our mistakes that make us the best among men in the world. if we listen to the voices of the world, they speak not to degrade us but to encourage us to overcome that which we have been ultimately blessed with... for what more could we lose if we never choose to overcome anything? I tell you that you are dead if you are foolish enough to not try. Danish Sayanee
 There is unfairness in life. But seek grace to be just and be gentle. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 Perfect is a moment. Not a life. You dont get to perfect with long conversations and a shitty job and a high school sweet heart. Perfect comes, and it goes. Perfect is a moment. It comes, you make the most of it, and then you let it go. J.D. Hawkins
 If you know the value of prayer, you will pray every second. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 We can all rise to a higher divine-self with encouragement. Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great! 
 Happiness is not in the absence of challenges but the choice to dwell on infinite hope. Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great! 
 Love is the spirituality of the soul. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 God is awe-inspiring. Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great! 
 peoples see more those thing which they cant see, and they see less to which they can see properly. rishi328
 nothing is wrong and nothing is right in this world, its all about the matter of justification only. rishi328
 With self-discipline, self-determination and self-endurance you can achieve the goal. Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great! 
 The greatest discovery is self-discovery. Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great! 
 Knowledge of thyself is the greatest enlightenment. Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great! 
 A task is only difficulty, when we not find the best strategy to get it done. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 I desire knowledge and wisdom. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 The spirit dwells in a soul. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 May you find the greatest strength, the divine force. Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great! 
 And in the end you will realise that everything you did, you did for you and for the people like you... Nrane Saroyan
 Enjoy writers and entertainers but dont substitute their synthesis of truth and reality for your own. Seek your own counsel as much as you can. Dependence on any one or anything else will eventually result in disappointment and this may be, as it always was. Nikhil Sharda, Sans Destination 
 Love is sacred. Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great! 
 Prayer is spirituality of the soul. Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great! 
 Those who commit suicide, pensive, lonely, philosophers, are awake in life, which is a serious crime. In life everybody must be asleep. Bangambiki Habyarimana
 Man has been bestowed with all the senses, Alas! What a drama, we are yet to know the art of using it! Ramana Pemmaraju
 God turned the adversity into a blessing. What a divine intervention? Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great! 
 The chief significance of life is to find your soul. Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great! 
 The thought of the moment is a spark of divinity. Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great! 
 Be A Colorful Person Not A Chameleon. Yaganesh Derasari
 Nos sentimos anegados en una dicha inconcebible. Fyodor Dostoyevsky, White Nights 
 The Lords Prayer is totally of life. Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great! 
 Hope is a happy spirit. Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great! 
 We must never forget our teachers, our lecturers and our mentors. In their individual capacities have contributed to our academic, professional and personal development. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 You were meant to be right here right now...so make the most of it! Ken Poirot
 Stay focused leave everything and do something Ernest Agyemang Yeboah
 Theres a Pleasureof happinessIn every thing I really wanna doWhen I find true happinessIn every thing I can do - Cocoy McCoy - Cocoy McCoy
 If a man treats life artistically, his brain is his heart. Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray 
 If Id learned nothing else in my twenty-seven years on this planet, Id learned that when someone gives you something totally unexpected and undeserved, you dont ask questions. Jill D. Block
 The Master, by residing in the Tao,sets an example for all beings.Because he doesnt display himself,people can see his light.Because he has nothing to prove,people can trust his words.Because he doesnt know who he is,people recognize themselves in him.Because he has no goal in mind,everything he does succeeds. Lao Tzu
 You will find the reality of life by reading. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 We can do what we ought to do, only by great grace that comes from God. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 La naturaleza aspira a recuperar el equilibrio primitivo. Aspira a la eternidad. Svletana Alexievich
 Living was a sad and empty thing E.E. Holmes, Spirit Ascendancy 
 Life passes by in a second we are like mushrooms in the forest, eternal today and rotten tomorrow... Damian Maher, This One Thing 
 Dont let yourself get yourself down Sunny Basra, The Secret Lives of Monsters and Legends 
 Every flower blossoms in its sacred time. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 There are no smooth paths to success. You have to straighten many rugged roads and scale numerous walls for the ultimate triumph. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 Life is sacred story. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 We are only mortal flesh. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 The man who has never been disappointed has never understood happiness, the man who has never been anxious has never learned patience, the man who has never been depressed will never know ecstasy. Palle Oswald
 A man cannot be blamed for ignorance if he has never been taught. Rose
 Faith gives self-confidence and self-courage and strength. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 The Spirit is life. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 Imagination is glorious riches of mystery. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 If Id learned nothing else in my twenty-seven years on this planet, d learned that when someone gives you something totally unexpected and undeserved, you dont ask questions. (Dark City Lights) Jill D. Block
 Love melts my heart in the sacredness of its pureness. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 Life is enduring endeavour Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 If you make your own path in this thing we call life, you will forever know that it was yours and not someone elses. - Michael A. Conts II
 We are saved only by grace through faith. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 Dont fear the unknown for it may be the change youre looking for. And, once youve crossed that bridge be prepared to change once again for the only for sure in life is change. Michael A. Conts II
 The spark of divinity enfolds in love, in light and in faith. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 When you play with a gentleman, you play like a gentleman. But when you play with bastards, make sure you play like a bigger bastard. Otherwise, you will lose. Sheikh Mujibur Rahman
 Your true friends echo your own philosophies back at you. J.R. Rim
 Ask of your eyes to seeonly to seek love.Ask of your mouth to speakonly to utter words of love.Ask of your hands to feelif only to touch the lover. Kamand Kojouri
 My apologies to chance for calling it necessity. My apologies to necessity if Im mistaken, after all. Please, dont be angry, happiness, that I take you as my due.May my dead be patient with the way my memories fade. My apologies to time for all the world I overlook each second. Wisawa Szymborska
 If not his life, Rustom Iraqiwalla wanted his death to be worth something. Gaurav Parab, Rustom and the Last Storyteller of Almora 
 There are two kinds of people in the world. There are eggers and lightkeepers. The former are driven by acquisition and avarice. The latter are driven by curiosity and caution. Eggers take what they can, consequences be damned. Lightkeepers take what they need, nothing more. Eggers want to have. Lightkeepers want to be. Abby Geni
 The sacred space in time is irreplaceable. Lailah Gifty Akita
 In the arena of life, so many lessons are taught but few are taken and few are applied Ernest Agyemang Yeboah
 It could be my eyes, but my eyes have more sparks than those coffees. Dishika Zaman Tasnim
 If an infant had the capacity to think hard about this world, it would have wanted to go back to its mothers womb again Munia Khan
 There arent bad ideas but yes bad thoughts Vlgame, Zori 2 Parte 
 All I want in my life is-My mind to Think and My body to Run. Manali
 Just do what you were going to do, before you said you were going to do it. Delma Pryce, ABOVE AND BEYOND: My Spiritual Journey 
 Ambition soars and also slithers rassool jibraeel snyman
 You are given a life, a death. Understand both while living, and before dying. Or youd have wasted a life, a death. Fakeer Ishavardas
 The poor are not allowed to own thoughts, he told his young son. Gaurav Parab, Rustom and the Last Storyteller of Almora 
 inside of a year, almost all of the stuff of which you were made got regularly switched out for other stuff, as you ate and drank and breathed, and yet if you said you had the same identity you did a year ago, no one would think to call you a liar. Being is always becoming people change and stay the same. What is true for bodies is also true for selves: even the most honest person has many faces, none of which is false. Dexter Palmer
 for me, to say that I am yet to begin gives me the real reason not to look back and see what I have done but, to look ahead and see, understand and plan for what I am yet to do Ernest Agyemang Yeboah
 Sometimes you wish the world would be a better place and sometimes you wish the world was a better place. Only the great understanding of the difference of the time between the past and present moment will make it a better place. Jammy Creamer
 And so, what of it all? What of me and my passions and personas, my great loves and failures of love, my writing, my politics? What of the clanging opinions, the endless queries as to the whys and wherefores of how I chose to conduct myself? In the end, there is but one answer to every question, whether it is spit at me or made as gentlest inquiry: I was I. Elizabeth Berg, The Dream Lover: A Novel of George Sand 
 for me, to say I yet to begin gives me reasons not to look back and see what I have done but ,to look ahead and see, understand and plan for what I am yet to do Ernest Agyemang Yeboah
 A sacred soul is a spiritual being. Lailah Gifty Akita
 Life isnt all about money but this life is nothing without it! Wayne Dupree
 Perhaps, I am yet to be written. I am yet to be described in those poetic gestures lovers use to describe their soulmate. Dishika Zaman Tasnim
 It is only when we first do what we are SUPPOSED to do, that we set ourselves to be successful at what we WANT to do Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana, Ph.D, MBA
 Thought the dwelling home of the invisible thing that commands the visible things Ernest Agyemang Yeboah
 Life is like a school, we are the student of it: Experience is our Teacher. Dharmalingam Raju
 Ambition built n the pain of others has no nobility or substance rassool jibraeel snyman
 I think my life is of great importance, but I also think it is meaningless. Albert Camus
 Sometimes, the experts forget they were once beginners.You must be gentle with beginners they have great potential to be experts. Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great! 
 What you dont know wont hurt you. A dubious maxim: sometimes what you dont know can hurt you very much. Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin 
 I feel the reason we are all here, our purpose of being, is to help others find their little piece of happiness and heaven right here on earth... Ken Poirot, Mentor Me: GATEA Formula to Fulfill Your Greatest Achievement 
 Dont you wish it could happen? Your mind wiped clean like a hard drive? Start again without memories? Anuradha Roy, Sleeping on Jupiter 
 A prayer and positive affirmation are the keys for a divine intervention in any situation. Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great! 
 We cant change yesterday, but we can change tomorrow... Ken Poirot, Mentor Me: GATEA Formula to Fulfill Your Greatest Achievement 
 The bigger the victory, the bigger the battle. Still, be the light and a change agent for healing, restoration and transformation. Germany Kent
 I suppose longevity requires giving up lifes pleasures, one by one, until theres nothing left. Gary Inbinder, The Devil in Montmartre: A Mystery in Fin de Sicle Paris 
 We encounter great souls, who lived in historical times, in ancient books. Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great! 
 You cannot take what I already know from me. You cannot withhold what I do not know from me because I have no knowledge of that which I do not know. And you cannot prevent me from knowing what I am supposed to know because the universe will find a way to reveal it to me. Shantelee R. Brown
 Cry when you must. It relieves the soul of all pain. Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great! 
 The light radiates from divine soul.. Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great! 
 Love while light radiate from your soul. Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great! 
 Your life is the only journey, you travel unaided. Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great! 
 The value of time cannot be bought with money. Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great! 
 Success is a steadily progress. Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great! 
 The world of reality exists. The world of fantasy exists. The great boundary between the world of reality and the world of fantasy is the boundary of pleasure and fallacy. So many people enter into the world of realities through the the gate of betrayal and pain of the world of fantasies. If you live in the world of fantasies, ponder!If you live in the world of realities, learn and use your lessons. Ernest Agyemang Yeboah
 With patient endurance, the best of life enfolds. Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great! 
 Leaving a good mark Michael Mcguerty
 Here, he said, I place the man I was aside the man I am now. And we have not the same hope nor thought, yet are one continuous breath from the body of I, Akiyama Akio. Tamara Rendell, Autumn Moon 
 I think nothing is good, I really think it is. Duop Chak Wuol
 Divine self is rooted in love. Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great! 
 Imagination is manifest of thoughts by divine force. Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great! 
 May you find the grace to chase your dream with all your might Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great! 
 If only you are patient, you will overcome any situation. Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great! 
 Life can end any time, any day. Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great! 
 Let go of all the pain. Embrace the joy of life. Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great! 
 The first story to read is the Biblical stories. Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great! 
 If you dont know the exact moment when the lights will go out, you might as well read until they do. Clive James
 So seek beauty, Miss Prim. Seek it in silence, in tranquillity seek it in the middle of the night and at dawn. Pause to close doors while you seek it, and dont be surprised if it doesnt reside in museums or in palaces. Dont be surprised if, in the end, you find beauty to be not in Something but Someone. Natalia Sanmartn Fenollera, The Awakening of Miss Prim 
 Its just another stop on the curvy roadthe final encounterfor the man who has liveddeath is the answer. Mie Hansson, Where Pain Thrives 
 I see the faces that stop by my cart here. Their smiles are hollow, their eyes are hungry. The yogis faces are different. Silent, complete. Like the mountains around them. Asking no questions, seeking no answers, just certain, as though they knew exactly who they were. Karan Bajaj, The Seeker 
 God holds the right key to every door. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 Love is the spirit of divinity within every man. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 Believe is confident hope.Hope is faith.Faith is timeless possibility.Possibility is spiritual.Spiritual is divine Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 The miraculous wonder of this blessed day is beyond my comprehension. Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great! 
 Wherever you are, you have to be joyfully alive. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 When we try to slow things down, it tries to run ahead of us. When we try to fast forward it, it holds us back. Einstein was probably right about it, time IS elastic. One pull at it and it will snap back onto you. Saptarshi Majumder
 The ideal is the enemy of the real. Susan Block, The Bonobo Way 
 You cannot step into the same river twice Heraclitus of Ephesus
 Para luchar contra la abstraccin es preciso parecrsele un poco. Albert Camus, The Plague 
 Most people live out ordinary lives by denying death. Others live more completely because theyre aware of it. I choose the second group. Alan Joshua, The SHIVA Syndrome 
 The greatest divinities of the soul are life, love and light. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 Every day is divine. If you seek the sacred treasure you will find it. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 A man and a woman represent two heavenly beings. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 How wide, how long, how deep is the love that Saviour extends to all humanity! Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 The Word of God is a light on our path. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 Para el que ama el modo de emplear el tiempo del amado es el manantial de todas sus alegras. Albert Camus
 Mockers Crown Polishers Steven Chopade
 Bitterness is a choice, not an option. Steven Chopade
 Do little but be consistent. Steven Chopade
 We are divine. God is lives within us. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 World full of love, will spark the force of divine powers. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 Love is divine. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 A good lecturer is shaped from a good researcher with good philosophy, but not vice verse. Lecturing is a type of art.
 The knowledge of the Holy Scripture is a great wisdom. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 You deserve respect and appreciation. A person who doesnt have respect for themselves will more than likely not give it to you. You have to set the standard for yourself by not allowing the insolence. Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Release The Ink 
 If the idea of loving those whom you have been taught to recognize as your enemies is too overwhelming, consider more deeply the observation that we are all much more alike than we are unalike. Aberjhani, Splendid Literarium: A Treasury of Stories, Aphorisms, Poems, and Essays 
 If you wish to break with tradition, learn your craft well, and embrace adversity Soke Behzad Ahmadi
 If you dont put anything in place, do not expect miraculous results to appear. Germany Kent
 Happiness is surrounding yourself only with those who bestow their unconditional love and support. Ken Poirot
 I cant determine the order of events. But I can trust God to guide my footsteps. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 The purpose of Karate is to guide you out of trouble by any means necessary, both in actual combat and in life Soke Behzad Ahmadi
 Alas, between the shouldnt and the shouldnt havethat is precisely where life happens. Sorin Suciu, In Memory: A Tribute to Sir Terry Pratchett 
 The brevity of life is grace to walk on your own path. Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great! 
 It is easy to trip over a rock when you are watching everyone elses footsteps. The Silver Elves, The Elven Way: The Magical Path of the Shining Ones 
 If we danced and shared music, wed be too busy en-joy-in life to start a war. E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly 
 My life, my strength and my time are my greatest riches. Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great! 
 the skies frighten you when they fill up with dragons,but you know theyre being chased by dreams! Marianthi Devaki
 Walking in the path of light is heavenly paradise. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 life will come to an end one moment in time. Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great! 
 You must know the rules of the game, to play better. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 Everything is within the limit of possibility by the grace of God. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 Without a vision, we are easy destructed by the storms of life. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 In the heavenly paradise, we find love, joy, hope and peace. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 Death is the destiny of every man. Every man must know this to live wisely. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 I have a vivid picture of what I want. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 The state of no being, knows neither pleasure nor pain. It is purely divine. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 In a daily life, reach out to others with sacred act of saying hello, a smile, word of encouragement. Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great! 
 Drink from the ethereal philosophy of Heaven and you may see life as no more no less than a dream made of pure poetry from divine source. AA Ana Claudia Antunes, The Tao of Physical and Spiritual 
 Patient endurance is the greatest life survival skills. Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great! 
 It is only by persistent focus on your dreams you will pull all the divine forces for the passion of fulfilled dream. Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great! 
 To a common man, the opulence of the day makes no sense but to a philosopher, it is as clear as a night in the southern France. Indiana Lang
 Be passionate persistent in the pursuit of your dreams. Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great! 
 Its not that we get all the answers in life. Its just that the questions disappear and there we flow with life - quenched yet thirsty full yet empty. Rashmit Kalra
 You dont have to be a billionaire to believe you can make a difference. Give your resources to a charity and volunteer in your community. Germany Kent
 In the pages of a book, we are in paradise. Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great! 
 The Hand (Kara-Te) is the cutting edge of the Mind Soke Behzad Ahmadi, Shorinjiryu Ryujin Kenpo 
 until it is taken out of your mind, it is never lost and it is never gone Ernest Agyemang Yeboah
 La nceput n-au fost cuvntul, Dumnezeu sau ntinderea nesfrit de ape. La nceput au fost Dora i Luna.i totul a pornit de acolo. Cristina Nemerovschi, Ppuile 
 A joyful heart is an endless flowing stream. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 May you find your purpose and passionately live it. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 The mind, the body and the soul enfolds in divinity of spirit. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 If youre trying to figure out why somethings not working, Old Lou had explained, just focus on the things that do work. Move through those things first and eventually youll find the one part thats stuck. Danika Stone, Edge of Wild 
 We must not only exist but find and fulfill our specific mission on earth. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 Some things must remain the same in order for the universe to flow properly. One pebble dashed out across the ocean leaves a lifetime of ripples. They call it the butterfly effect. Louise Mullins
 Life is immeasurable breath. Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great! 
 Ones freedom is ones love and ones love is ones undoing, its all in the dictionary... Duncan McNaughton, Valparaiso 
 In the pursuit of knowledge, we know God. Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great! 
 If you ought to know, educate yourself. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 Every new morning brings new sunshine, new joy and new hope. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 Our sacred character develops we connect to source of life, the Creator. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 If you read stories, you find the strength, faith and hope to survive everyday life. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 Whatever you desire is possible. You only need to begin dreaming. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 Eternity exist in every sacred time. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 Love is the heartbeat of life. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 The divinity of thy soul is spark of divine-self. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 We spend so long trying to be what other people want,that when we look in the mirror,we see a stranger. Anthony T. Hincks
 Id never had a mind for math. ... It was a logic that made little sense to me. In my perception, the world wasnt a graph or a formula or an equation. It was a story. Cheryl Strayed, Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail 
 Have an attitude of positive expectation. Germany Kent
 A persons Acts of Kindness far outlives their lifespan,for they leave behind a true, meaningful legacy. Michael Levy
 The essential reason for my loneliness is that I dont even know where I belong. Orhan Pamuk
 Reason is the inextinguishable impulse to philosophize with whose destruction reason itself is destroyed. Karl Jaspers
 Throughout history there have been those who have created change, and others who have feared it. T.A. Uner
 Socrates insisted that theres a strong connection between your philosophy (how you interpret the world, what you think is important in life) and your mental and physical health. Different beliefs lead to different emotional states... Jules Evans, Philosophy for Life: And Other Dangerous Situations 
 The existence of broccoli does not in any way affect the taste of chocolate. John Green, The Fault in Our Stars 
 When we set a goal we are fulfilling our destiny. Even if we do not reach it, we have changed our lives and the lives of others by attempting to reach it. Lawren Leo, Dragonflame: Tap Into Your Reservoir of Power Using Talismans, Manifestation, and Visualization 
 ... le religioni non sono altro che residuo dei vecchi tabu selvatici, sistemi di divieto con diverse sovrastrutture ideologiche.... religions are nothing but remnant of the old wild taboos, prohibition systems with varying ideological superstructure. Giovanni Papini, Gog 
 The existence of broccoli does not in any way affect the taste of chocolate. John Green
 Let certain things be uncertain.Appreciate the puzzle that life is,insofar as I know, after a scheme of steps,all Crosswords have a solution,and every Sudoku makes a lot of sense. Jasleen Kaur Gumber
 Btn budalalarn bana gelen en byk belafikirlerle ilgilenmemeleridir,ve canskntsndan kurtulmak iin srekli olarak gerekliklere ihtiya duymalardr.Fakat gereklikler ya tatmin edicilikten uzak ya da tehlikelerle doludur stelik ilgin olmaktan ktklarnda yorucu hale gelirler.Fakat dnce dnyas snrsz,zararsz ve sakindir. Arthur Schopenhauer
 Berdayakanlah kemanusiaanmu...sebagai wujud manifestasi kekhalifaanmu di bumi.Lawanlah segala bentuk penindasan...sebagai wujud manifestasi kalimat syahadatmu... A. Muhammad Ratno
 There are no losers,Only those that do not know what they won. Anthony Hincks
 There will come a timewhen the space will compress itself,and the body shall go.But, till that day Ill live ebullientlyand grow. Shahan Sud
 Life is filled with timeless opportunities. You need to seize every opportunity and make it great. Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great! 
 The absence of dissent does not necessarily imply acceptance just tolerance. Lakshmy Menon Chatterjee
 On nest point un homme suprieur parce quon aperoit le monde sous un jour odieux. On ne hait les hommes et la vie que faute de voir assez loin. Franois-Ren de Chateaubriand
 This whole beautiful world will end for you the day you die, then why to bother for others, stay selfish stay happy. Aananda Karna
 If the existentialists are right, that life is meaningless, and if we acknowledge that, we are better equipped to find pleasure in small things. Chloe Thurlow, A Girls Adventure 
 We make our own destiny, not because we can see the road ahead, but because we cannot see the road ahead. It is the road, the motion, the forward movement, that takes us to ourselves. Chloe Thurlow, Girl Trade 
 God Made Nature, Nature Need Friends. Rocky13
 if the world will attain its utmost peace and stabilityand contentions be limited, then the ideology, philosophy and mentality of people in the world should be shifted from the more you acquire the more valuable you are to the more you give the more important you are and with the mentality that giving is a sacred responsibility and not a competition Ernest Agyemang Yeboah
 The Beauty that comes from within is the most Beautiful of all Anne Reese
 Takes birth in me,also, dies in debris.I am a Potpourri.A mix of dead petals,effusing divine fragrance.Walking on the journey,of controversy.I am a Potpourri. Jasleen Kaur Gumber
 Numri i trimave ka qen kurdoher m i madh nr njerz t pagdhendur e t pamsuar, se nr njerz t ditur. Kta t fundit kan mjaft shkaqe q ta duan jetn. Faik Konica
 Sado delikat qoft njeriu n dashuri, fal m shum faje se n miqsi. Faik Konica
 In the game of lifeSometimes we win,Sometimes we loss,Either ways, we should always keep playing. Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great! 
 You know that if I were reincarnated, Id want to come back a buzzard. Nothing hates him or envies him or wants him or needs him. He is never bothered or in danger, and he can eat anything. William Faulkner
 Anyone who says Trust me is the last motherfucker you should ever trust. R.D. Ronald
 I remember a time in a class on a cold winter morning a Japanese girl came with a surgical mask & I thought wow people would go to extremes NOT to get sick in Japan afterwards on a break I approached her & asked in a cynical manner: why the mask? Are you afraid of catching a cold? & then she said in Japan you use it when YOU are under the weather & you dont want other people to get sick, it is the polite thing to do wow! thats a lesson I will never forget Pablo
 A conscience without regrets to live life without having to say youre sorry. E.A. Bucchianeri
 without the act of imagination humanity would have perished long back Thiruman Archunan
 If u know, Chess is the game that teach u about defense not strike.Enjoy ur tempo and win the game! Maylanie Citra Liem
 Keep learning, keep learning! Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great! 
 sometimes we dont need to think to beleive Zakaria ABALI
 The past and the future are complicated. Its the present thats simple. David Levithan, Every Day 
 In books and movies, all the loose ends are tired, things are resolved, mysteries are solved, they catch the killer, the boy gets the girl, a sick baby is miraculously healed. In reality it doesnt always work that way. The killer gets away, the girl is in love with another boy, things just get buried under new dramas and dont get resolved. Life is far more complicated than the life depicted in a book or a movie. Cindy Vine, C U 8 
 Material creation begins in a tiny corner of a large island called imagination. Stella Mowen, Until the Beat Stops 
 Life is like Alices White Rabbit. He runs away and does not grab anything, but this is not important: what matters is to keep on pursuing him. Gabriele Corno
 A person cannot tell the truth, if they dont live the truth & they cant live the truth, if they dont know the truth Cutting Truths Michael Levy
 Man to woman man to man in letter words will stand the philosophy of coming in along by the bay of hay made so sublime be that it outlasts the coming time. Richard Mc Sweeney, A Green Desert Father 
 The Art of LivingIs in the Joy of GivingWith Love in your Heart arthurite
 And if ever you need encouragement, remember at least two sober facts which nobody can rationally deny: that you are a new and unique living force in nature, and that you can, by taking thought and pursuing it, become more and more intensely alive. John Steeksma
 On the canvas of life,Every sweep of the brush matters,Counts for something Scott Hastie
 Do & Give your 100 Always results will be 100 Dinesh Kumar Kashnia
 It felt great to be loved. Children... Children are a hazard to your life... As theyd got older they had become more expensive. But it was worth it. If she didnt have her children her life would be empty. And even though your children leave your nest, they always have one foot tethered to you. Cindy Vine, C U 8 
 Your kids never really leave do they? They might live elsewhere, sometimes not even on the same continent, but Mum is always first port of call when theres trouble. Parenting is a lifetime commitment. Cindy Vine, C U 8 
 Philosophy defines our world. I see my life in terms of great words. Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great! 
 There can be no law of nature, no science,No aberrant infliction of human willThat unchained the soul cannot conquer,Simply sweep away, should it chose to. Scott Hastie
 Who knows why our kids do what they do? All we can do is just love them. - Fenella Cindy Vine, C U 8 
 Things just are the way they are... However, NOWHERE in ANY law, dogma, or rules is it mandated -be it sanctioned, decreed, or wrought by divine imposition- that ANY OF IT HAS TO BE THIS WAY! Rythmic Karma
 Ai qe ka frike nga jeta nuk ka gjak dashurie Petro Marko
 Vengeance is waste of time Amish Tripathi, The Oath of the Vayuputras 
 Lamore una faccenda intima strana e piena di contraddizioni, visto che non di rado amiamo qualcuno solo perch amiamo noi stessi, per egoismo, avidit, desiderio fisico, brama di dominare loggetto damore e asservirlo o al contrario, per desiderio di asservirci e essere dominati dal nostro amante, e in fondo lamore assomiglia allodio e gli pi prossimo di quanto non si pensi normalmente. Amos Oz, Giuda 
 I am the seeker, the act of seeking, and the one who is sought. Karan Bajaj, The Seeker 
 All mountain people are like that. No matter where you go, the mountains call you back. Karan Bajaj, The Seeker 
 The world is what you make of it, friend. If it doesnt fit, you make alterations. Lawrence Kasdan, Silverado: The Screenplay 
 The worst prisons were not constructed of warped steel and stone. They were carved out of expectations and lies, judgment and corruption. Kelseyleigh Reber, If I Resist 
 After all, the whole of humanity was anchored by inventions, contrivances, unrealities. Xiao Li lived on dreams, as most people do. Victor Robert Lee, Performance Anomalies 
 Make love an another human compulsion and you will fortify its limitation. Acquire it like knowledge and you will understand everything Ashutosh Gupta
 There are many things in this life one can plan for, anticipate, control, manipulate, but love is not one of them. Kelseyleigh Reber, If I Resist 
 A tattoo is permanent with a marriage you can more easily change your mind. Carolyn V. Hamilton
 This world owes us nothing. Existence is not indebted to us. Humanity lives under this misconception that we deserve lifes blessings, that we deserve happiness. But in truth, life owes us nothing Kelseyleigh Reber, If I Resist 
 Sum of life Birth, childhood, youth, adulthood, parenthood, old age and death. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 Who can know the mind of God? Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 There exist eternity in every moment. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 I did not know of any single soul who succeed in life without a mentorship. Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great! 
 Great sex and awesome food is what conquered the beast, not beauty. The key to happiness is to fuck like a porn star and cook like a five star chef. Travis Luedke
 Imagine how extraordinary the world would be if everyone believed the only man capable of evilis himself. Ivy Yuelle
 The road forgets. Make your life a journey, keep moving toward what you want, leave behind anything thats too heavy to carry. Mark Lawrence
 Remove the letter I(EGO) and word WANT(DESIRE) from the statement I WANT HAPPINESS and you will be remained with HAPPINESS Gauthama Buddha
 You can cross the Rubicon in a boat without getting wet, but surely, getting wet is the baptism before you begin that new life on the other side. Chloe Thurlow, Katie in Love 
 Imagine how extraordinary the world would be if everyone believed the only man capable of evilwas himself. Ivy Yuelle
 The three great pillars of life hope, faith and love. The greatest is love. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 The light is flame of life. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 We ought to live in the marvellous light. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 Hope had only revealed herself to him when he was immersed in darkness Soroosh Shahrivar, The Rise of Shams 
 Most people would rather die than think and many of them do! Bertrand Russell, The ABC of Relativity 
 Never say never. You never know when never may come. T.A. Uner, The Leopard Stratagem 
 It does not matter where one comes from, one can achieve even the greatest of things in life. Ndiritu Wahome, The Sad Artist and Other Fairytales 
 Lies are the first step to the violent protection of them rassool jibraeel snyman
 ...that realisation that I was the oddity, the statistical probability, life was predictable. Ruth Dugdall, The Sacrificial Man 
 Drugs consumes mind, body and soul but only the weak gets devouerd Fabian Gustafsson
 The human heart needs only the bare elements to survive, the human brain wants to the limitlessness of tolerance. Finding yourself is a matter of pitching your tent in the middle. Zephyr McIntyre
 Desperation is the father of ingenuity. NOT A BOOK
 progress isnt necessarily about change but about things turning out as we want them to Phil Hogan, A Pleasure and a Calling 
 Maybe the question isnt whether God exists, but how we act. If we all act like God doesnt exist, then for all intents and purposes God doesnt. But if we act like God does exist, then in essence, She does. Chris Hollenback, Sleep When Youre Dead 
 Be as good as you can be, there you will find happiness. Cody McGuire
 Truth I had a long heart-to-heart talk with a politician and a 14 month old baby the baby spoke more truth than the politician 2014(c)rassool jibraeel snyman The Poetic Assassin rassool jibraeel snyman
 The darkest of all hells resides in ones mind rassool jibraeel snyman
 Your greatest adventure is written inside of you rassool jibraeel snyman
 Righteous indignation are the very clothes that liars wear rassool jibraeel snyman
 Faith, is unlike belief. Cody McGuire
 Time is a daunting thing its inescapable. Some moments pass unobserved and others stay with us, remaining frozen, lasting a lifetime... Jacqueline Simon Gunn
 He who has no dreams has no hope and thus lives in a hell of his own making - rjs rassool jibraeel snyman
 It isnt what happens that is important . . . its how you deal with it Always J T Coombes Global Magna Carta Returning Power to teh 99 . . . If they want it! J T Coombes
 It is the nature of my dreams that determine the fabric of my existence - rjs rassool jibraeel snyman
 Il fatto che difficile rigare dritto quando sai che dalla vita non avrai niente anche se ti impegni. Livin Derevel, La comunione col tutto 
 A volte il fumo meglio dellarrosto Freak Antoni
 Call bitch a bitch , no fucking reasons Prabuj
 Do as you would be done by Anonymous I think
 One persons garbage is another persons commodity. Aleksandar Hemon, The Lazarus Project 
 Read positive books see positive things and surround yourself with positive thinkers life will be full with positivity. Amit Ray, Nonviolence: The Transforming Power 
 The definition of a good story is one that remains with you long after youve turned that last page. T.A. Uner
 To leave is to suffer,to survive is to find some meaning in the suffering. Friedrich Nietzsche
 If we have any role at all, I think its the role of optimism, not blind or stupid optimism, but the kind which is meaningful, one that is rather close to that notion of the world which is not perfect, but which can be improved. In other words, we dont just sit and hope that things will work out we have a role to play to make that come about. Chinua Achebe
 When creativity is seen as more important than facts, we will find ourselves in a world where problems are solved more often than spoken of. Tarryn Tomlinson
 If you never understand my silence, you will never understand my words. Ireno
 The work of great poetry is to aid us to become free artists ourselves...The art of reading poetry is an authentic training in the augmentation of consciousness, perhaps the most authentic of healthy modes. Harold Bloom, The Best Poems of the English Language: From Chaucer Through Frost 
 Two steps forward...one step back...Ive always hated that old cliche too...I believe that we should all be able to dance through life and only change the tempo now and then. Isabelle Rowan, A Note in the Margin 
 We can reach untainted experiential freedom, by living in the moment as it iswithout contemplation. Here we find the possibility of freedomof just beingliving as our authentic self. We are our true nature. We are one and whole. Jacqueline Simon Gunn
 We must believe in free will, we have no choice. Isaac Bashevis Singer
 What is the meaning to this life? is a wrong question? A blank paper doesnt contain any meaning till we dont write anything meaningful on it. Similarly this universe doesnt contain any meaning without this beautiful life. So life gives meaning to this universe and we should respect it. Brajesh Kumar
 when you make mistakes,take your time to make correctionsthat which helps in building up your INTELLIGIENCE but when you compromise in making corrections,you may end up being a FAILURE faroun olamilekan ayomide
 He who cannot swim should neither chase the dolphins nor play with sharks. For him disaster awaits like sunrise. J. Loren Norris
 As far back as history records people thinking, thinking peoplehave been befuddled by the mysteries of life and existence. Lewis N. Roe, From A To Theta: Taking The Tricky Subject Of Religion And Explaining Why It Makes Sense In A Way We Can All Understand 
 Yes live like there is no tomorrow but not because you dont want a tomorrow. Kaelo
 For all beings within this universal kingdom, their magnetic north rests in genuine mirth. Gabriel Brunsdon, Azlander: Second Nature 
 When life gets rough,dont panic! Just let it be! Life is leading you to still waters! Dr. Vivencio Ballano
 Whats in a view? The world, by any other, would remain just as it is, just as wonderful :-) Abhimanyu Jha
 i know for sure,to be a leader i have to be a reader Faiz Triumph
 i know for sure,to be a leader i have to be a good reader Faiz Triumph
 Whats in a view? A world, by any other, would remain just as it is, just as wonderful :-) Abhimanyu Jha
 There is only one way to achieve lasting happiness. That is simply: Be happy. Chris Prentiss, Zen and the Art of Happiness 
 Life was a bloody battlefield until I conquered the enemy and won the war. Now, life is a journey, and I am a warrior. Prepared for anything and weakened by nothing. There are hills and dales, mountains and plateaus, blind spots and brilliant vistas, but none of that matters. All that matters is my second chance, and the only thing capable of disrupting my path, is myself. B.G. Bowers, Death and Life 
 ALways be careful what you say. You can always say youre sorry, but you can never take back what you said. F.B. Newman
 Every Profound thinker is more afraid of being understood than of being misunderstood Friedrich Nietzsche
 The truth is: Everyone will judge you. But this depends upon your intellectual capacity whether you are able to distinguish constructive criticism between an insult coming from other peoples opinions about you. Anonymous
 The Native Americans know that wolves are mirrors for humans. What they show us are our strengths and weaknesses... When I lived with the wolves, I was proud of the reflection of myself. But when I came back, I always paled in comparison. Jodi Picoult, Lone Wolf 
 A clear conscience is due to a poor memory. R.J. Newman
 Me And Ocean -- Two Deep Dreams Of God Prince
 He is too presumptuous about the inanities of appearances, poor realities gone for a toss. Aporva Kala, Life... Love... Kumbh... 
 What we gain in the world, we lose in the world, forgotten in death. We must rather fancy what we brought into the world, for therein lives our story, our legend. Palle Oswald
 Sometimes an impulse is more rewarding than a calculation. Dale Renton
 Destiny is always a doorstep away, if we know to move in the right direction. K. Hari Kumar
 You are who you are what you say you are to people, but who are you when no one is watching? Anonymous
 Your life on earth will be graded by the effect of the footprints you leave behind Olufemi Olumide
 Dont worry, he said, that grandfatherly smile spreading across his face once more, Ive been fishing for over forty years. Youve got plenty of time to catch up, maybe even pass what Ive done. Youre a perspicacious piscatorial pursuer, and Im sure youll catch the big ones. S. Bradley Stoner, Fishing and Other Misadventures 
 Each second melts like ice.Each second cloats like blood. Dr. Prathap Kamath from Ekalavya
 If I were a bean,... I wouldnt sulk all day long. Edna Stewart, Carpe Diem 
 Ignorance is bliss, but Enlightenment is nirvana Alejandro C. Estrada
 Things dont just happen the way they happen for your its own Creator,Mentor and Destroyer Abhishek Sundarraman
 Chance created the situation genius made use of it. Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace 
 Intelligence is worthless without common sense. LM Fields
 Other things being roughly equal, that man lives most keenly who lives in closest harmony with nature. To be wholly alive a man must know storms, he must feel the ocean as his home or the air as his habitation. He must smell the things of earth, hear the sounds of living things and taste the rich abundance of the soil and sea. James A. Michener, Return to Paradise 
 When a problem or a difficult situation arises, say to yourself, as if you already believe it: This is for my benefit. Chris Prentiss, Be Who You Want, Have What You Want: Change Your Thinking, Change Your Life 
 The Bible is the philosophy of life. Lailah Gifty Akita
 My Favorite rapper Tupac Shakur.. Philosophical... The emotional depth of his lyricism. Rest in peace. So sad when I listen your music. I understand the struggle, I know exactly how you feel... Been there a million times. Wanting to change the world and Everytime you speak up, only your echo answers you back Crystal Evans
 We are all the sum of a million moments in our lives. Carla H. Krueger, The Social Worker 
 There are two sides to the life of every man: there is his individual existence which is free in proportion as his interests are abstract and his elemental life as a unit in the human swarm, in which he must inevitably obey the laws laid down for him. Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace 
 Aha! 20 Its not what happens to you in life, its what you do with what happens that counts. Barbara Burke, The Napkin The Melon The Monkey: How to Be Happy and Successful by Simply Changing Your Mind 
 It may seem contradictory, but in the languid tropics one spends more time contemplating those great good things of sound and sight and smell. James A. Michener, Return to Paradise 
 Man lives consciously for himself but unconsciously he serves as an instrument for the accomplishment of historical and social ends. Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace 
 The events that occur in my life are workout situations. They are there for my benefit so I can become strong and gain wisdom and information by working my way through those situations. Chris Prentiss, Be Who You Want, Have What You Want: Change Your Thinking, Change Your Life 
 Ci che nuoce gravemente alla salute dei benpensanti soprattutto la libert degli altri. Donato Carrisi, La donna dei fiori di carta 
 We all are beautiful, lets not pretend to be ugly. Indrani sarkar
 The moment you make the internal changes necessary to obtain your goal, the outside world changes instantly. Chris Prentiss, Be Who You Want, Have What You Want: Change Your Thinking, Change Your Life 
 If you have experienced recurring situations in your life that are unpleasant, know that there is something you are supposed to be getting from those situations that you have not been getting and that the moment you get it, those situations will pass out of your life, not to return. Chris Prentiss, Be Who You Want, Have What You Want: Change Your Thinking, Change Your Life 
 Man is created for happiness, that happiness lies in himself, in the satisfaction of simple human needs and that all unhappiness is due, not to privation but to superfluity. Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace 
 Perhaps I lost sight of my dreams when I became an adult and resigned myself to acting the way adults were supposed to act. Robin Sharma, The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari 
 When you move on in life, you always leave behind some things- some myths and some mysteries, that cannot be fathomed by the heart, without going back to the past and visiting yourself again in that time, at that place. You can only understand such things and solve such riddles if, in your imagination, you can live the life again and be in that place again, where you left a part of you. Q.M. Sidd
 Im not looking for a happy ending. Im looking for a new beginning. Ian Segal, Castling the Crowns 
 The cornerstone of our thoughts begins with the spirited flames of our far-reaching imagination. Ian Segal, Castling the Crowns 
 Time:I spend everybody yet foolish humans tel tat they spend time without knowing that they spend only them GANESH
 We never earned righteous to last long, why are we trying to earn it among same kind. GANESH
 Listen not to the words that have been spoken, but bend your ears to what has not been said. Ian Segal, Castling the Crowns 
 Times up! Tomorrow just arrived. LM Fields
 Your destiny will not carry you over the long and winding path of life. You must walk it yourself. Ian Segal, Castling the Crowns 
 The fragile nature of youth is at last hardened by the agony of experience. Joel T. McGrath
 They prised open the door in the morning. The beatific expression on hisface was exactly what one would find in a temple deity or the just dead - anunsmiling smile. The absurdity and humour was there if one could just seeit, the question and answer staring one in the face. Srividya Srinivasan
 Dont base reality on what you have seen when you have seen very little. Scott Sigler, Alive 
 character , Divya Prakash Dubey, Terms and Conditions Apply 
 It is only when one is under extreme duress that ones true character is revealed. Christopher Earle
 They torture us but could not kill our spirit. We have greater divine power, guiding and protecting us. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 Divya Prakash Dubey, Terms and Conditions Apply 
 Sometimes your own tongue can make you deaf and dumb. Anirban Bose, The Death of Mitali Dotto 
 Try to get the important things right at all the time, even at the cost of being right. Irfaan Santoe
 God is master architect of our lives. Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great! 
 The sins of men arent confined to them. They travel like ripples over water, over many generations till someone gets revenge or finds forgiveness. You and I, we are all paying for our fathers sins, arent we? Anirban Bose, The Death of Mitali Dotto 
 So I have an Indian heart if I do something illegal?No, you have an Indian heart if you understand the limitations of our resources and are willing to step out of the man-made boundaries of the law to help someone. Anirban Bose, The Death of Mitali Dotto 
 The prison that exists in a mans mind is far more difficult to escape from than anything built with brick walls and steel doors. For it is the fear of freedom that holds you inside... Anirban Bose, The Death of Mitali Dotto 
 Experience is something you have to go through to tell it details. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 A prayerful life, spiritual act of upholding all that you are capable of being. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 What would I have done without books? Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 Idolization of oneself is a crime. One is the prisoner of his once blindfolded complacency. Flonja Akshija
 We think of our species as swinging on the pinnacle of evolution, but this definitely isnt the final design. If our bodies dont evolve much further, our minds will. Its the only way our species can save itself. An evolution of human consciousness is only a matter of time. And thats when we will finally discover the good life, hand in hand. Meanwhile we just have to tough it out and make the most of things. Rupert Dreyfus, Spark 
 Everything is going to be right at the end. If its not right, then it is not the end. Ashwin Sanghi, Chanakyas Chant 
 You are what resides before, beyond and between what you think so do not be consumed by thought. It is only a fragment of your magic. Rasheed Ogunlaru
 Cherish the fabulous, the fantastic, the beautiful, the graceful, the moments of abandon, laughter, quirkiness. Cherish the tiny incredible details, the gigantic & varied display, and the infinite depths - of life. Jay Woodman
 And the ultimate question remains, To live, is it a blessing or the punishment itself ? Charlyn Khater
 When I was a child, I thought like a child.When I became adult, I seek a deeper understanding of life. Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great! 
 There are people who can never go to Fantastica, said Mr. Coreander, and others who can, but who stay there forever. And there are just a few who fo to fantastica and come back. Like you. And they make both world well again. Michael Ende, The Neverending Story 
 Try & try until you cannot succeed. Kishan P Rao
 The irony of life is we always compare our fantasies with reality, rather than accepting the reality as is and transforming it into a paradise.... Ramana Pemmaraju
 In order to fulfill our wants we get busy to make our living comfortable and we forget about our needs, and we make our life uncomfortable. So, add life in our living. Dev Samudre
 One can only organize so much and then leave the rest to fate. Jenna Lindsey, The Dragons Breath 
 I try not to let other peoples problems problem me. J. Richard Singleton
 Best sometimes it is best not to speakbut just gaze silentlyinto the infinity of your own soulrassool jibraeel snyman (c) 2015The Poetic Assassin rassool jibraeel snyman
 Robberssometimes your words rob you of your thoughtsand leave you destituteand sadwill they weep for you i wonderrassool jibraeel snyman (c) 2015The Poetic Assassin rassool jibraeel snyman
 Control your desires as if your life depended on them, then your life will do. Nityananda Das, Divine Union 
 Si tuviera que resumir mi vida lo hara en una sola frase: lo que no se me hizo un trauma, se me convirti en un vicio. Ahora soy ese lo de heridas, miedos, inconexiones de las que no pude deshacerme y de pequeos excesos que me ayudan a soportarlas, es decir, a barrerlas bajo la alfombra. No s cul de ellos acabar por matarme, aunque sospecho que ser, como todo, una combinacin de ambos. Fabrizio Meja Madrid, Vida Digital 
 The world is a palace without bedsheets Suchet chaturvedi
 Living well is dying well. Fakeer Ishavardas
 When you die, you dont. Fakeer Ishavardas
 Nimic nu exist n alt parte dect n contiina omului. George Orwell
 It is a duty of every citizen to pray for those who are authority and the nation so that each one of us may live a peaceful and quiet lives in sacredness. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 Like boats, we human beings need anchors, no matter how tenuously those links may hold us, or else we drift forever through uncharted oceans, scanning every horizon for a hint of hope. And with the chances of being picked up and rescued so small, we need our islands, our mooring points, our ports, our points of reference and our havens. Morgana Blackrose, Phoenyx: Flesh and Fire Erotic Memoirs of a Striptease Artist 
 The dawn of light is the liberation of souls. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 I am not afraid to die because I know heaven is a place of artists, musicians and poets rassool jibraeel snyman
 The Lord our God reigns!The Lord our God is righteous! Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 the problem in todays society is that the truth is in short supply and people love soft lies more than hard truths rassool jibraeel snyman
 The priceless gifts (life, love, joy, goodness, family, nature) are freely given by the Creator. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 Blessed is the person who desired to read the Holy Scriptures. Its brings great reward to those who believe, trust and obey the Holy instructions. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 Never grow weary of doing good. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 Age is only a number. Keep an active life. Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great! 
 Three essential keys (FAITH, HOPE and LOVE) will open the Heavens door. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 The greatest riches are life and good health. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 Everything is only a transition Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 Sometime excess pain that we experience may be best reason for birth of our talent and sometime our excess talent may be best reason for our pain. Think about it. Rajendra Ojha
 The greater the need, the greater the quest for God. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 You have to be grateful for the small things, when any minute might be your last. Joe Abercrombie
 The precious promise of Gods word is light unto our path. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 Life is the only thing which can never be replaced when lost. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 To be human, is to be able to love the unlovable, and hope when things appear hopeless Sara Niles, Torn From the Inside Out 
 We all have that divine moment, when our lives are transformed by the knowledge of the truth. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 If every citizen should recite their national anthem daily, you will develop love to serve your country better. Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great! 
 If your holy book makes you hate, youre reading the wrong shit, mate. Fakeer Ishavardas
 Watch out, every day miraculous encounter with you and God! Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 All times are determined by God. Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great! 
 Have you ever wonder about the misery of sleep? Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 It isnt enough to have had an interesting or hilarious or tragic life. Art isnt anecdote. Its the consciousness we bring to bear on our lives. For what happened in the story to transcend the limits of the personal, it must be driven by the engine of what the story means. Cheryl Strayed, Tiny Beautiful Things: Advice on Love and Life from Dear Sugar 
 Divine is supernatural. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 Possibility is miraculous. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 Awe-inspiring God.Amazing God.Awesome God.Almighty God. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 The Holy instructions of the Creator are:(i)Perfect reviving the soul.(ii)Trustworthy making wise the simple.(iii)Right bringing joy to the heart.(iv)Clear giving insight for living.(v)Pure bringing everlasting blessings.(vi)True bringing overflowing hope. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 Be your own master, and look at things as a man, as a human being, as a citizen, as a mortal creature. Marcus Aurelius, Meditations 
 Every day I add to the list of things I refuse to discuss. The wiser the man, the longer the list. Nicolas Chamfort, Maximes et penses : Caractres et anecdotes 
 The more I learn, the more I yearn. Aaron B. Powell, Priority 
 praise does not make anything better or worse. Marcus Aurelius, Meditations 
 I have a very simple philosophy of life:Kindness. Ferocious, unrelenting, ruthless, committed, passionate, kindness.Life is sacred everywhere. We all have better things to do than beat each other up.Arguing for the exception is to invest it with energy, its to negotiate the loophole. The commitment to kindness must be total. David Gerrold
 That was how people got through life, he supposed: by acknowledging death and telling it, Not today. Molly Ringle, Persephones Orchard 
 Nature is the supreme cradle of life, and must be protected and treated with the highest respect and care. Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason 
 As human beings, our first commandment is:Something needs to happen Chuck Palahniuk, Haunted 
 Life is a path to reach destination.However once it is reached ,implies Life had all kind of sharp turns one time or other for all N.Manoj
 Une lutte qui semble perdue, est la plus excitante. Jacques Tardi, The Extraordinary Adventures of Adle Blanc-Sec 1: Pterror Over ParisThe Eiffel Tower Demon 
 Dont let a little fear stop you from getting what you want Mahmoud Reda
 People get so frightened for no reason, but Ill tell you, to live with no purpose is a far more frightening proposition... You bring yourself to say yes when you always thought the only possible answer was no, and your whole world changes. Liz Rosenberg
 Even in the privacy of our own thoughts, we cant sow lies and reap truth. Katina Ferguson
 In any given situation you will find only what you bring with you... Christopher Earle
 It is quite futile to argue that man is small compared to the cosmos for man was always small compared to the nearest tree. G.K. Chesterton, Orthodoxy 
 Nothing is Lie until you get to know the truth, as nothing is false in Dream until you get to know that im Dreamer. The Ek
 Philosophy is to religion as psychoanalysis is to pseudoscience Christopher Marshall
 Ones mutual responsibility to any individual determines the role of one person who he is. Ghumakkad Agantuk Ram
 Be such that people get to know of you as you are rather than comparing to others. Ghumakkad Agantuk Ram
 Experience is the treasure of any persona. Ghumakkad Agantuk Ram
 Keep burning the flame of discontent within you until you get the joy of satisfaction. Ghumakkad Agantuk Ram
 Prophecy is nothing but only just an estimation based on regularities of the Nature. Ghumakkad Agantuk Ram
 The elements of life do not segregate themselves, unless they are human. Zephyr A. McIntyre
 For a scientist, this is a good way to live and die, maybe the ideal way for any of us - excitedly finding we were wrong and excitedly waiting for tomorrow to come so we can start over. Norman Maclean
 Everything is an appreciation, even an insult provided you look at it with that angle. Vipin Behari Goyal
 Everyone tells us to be one in a million... What they dont tell us is that being one in a million also means being one against a million. Saahil Prem
 Is that mans fate: to spend his closest hours to truth longing for a lie? Tom Robbins, Another Roadside Attraction 
 Things, relationship, and ideas are so transparently impermanent, we are ever made unhappy by them...Things are impermanent, they wear out and are lost relationship is constant friction and death awaits ideas and beliefs have no stability, no permanency. We seek happiness in them and yet do not realize their impermanency. So sorrow becomes our constant companion and overcoming it our problem. Jiddu Krishnamurti
 Life, at its best, is a flowing, changing process in which nothing is fixed. Carl Rogers
 Thoughts thoughts. Are they not mine?I think, I write, I type.Thoughts. Are they wise?Let truth be told in words, compiled together, create a page, a book. Thoughts. Are they master piece?Is it a prize winner?...An Alfred Nobel?Thoughts. Are they not mine? Gift of God?they are not mine. Edna Stewart, The Call of the Christmas Pecan Tree 
 An opportunity fordoing an injury happens a hundred times a day, hut for doing good not once a year, says Zoroaster. Voltaire
 While food makes us live, stories are what make our lives worth living. Richard Kearney, On Stories 
 Like simple minded goldfish, we often believe the boundaries of our bowl to be the entire ocean. Laren Grey Umphlett, The Power of Perception 
 Its not that heroes have no fear its just that they understand what it takes, to get the job done!! Robert Armstrong
 Je mehr Kultur, desto weniger Freiheit, das ist ein wahres Wort. E.T.A. Hoffmann, The Life and Opinions of the Tomcat Murr 
 Will Human Nature destroy Nature and Humans? Drats, Humans Need Three Hands: Will Human Nature Destroy Nature and Humans? 
 I was pondering the reason why we are all here in this life, and what did it all mean. It seemed to me that we had all been invited to one big party, but no-ones been told what were all celebrating. Beatrice James
 The stupidest people suddenly become a little cleverer when we learn that they think well of us Jude Morgan, An Accomplished Woman 
 When I feel broken, I cry like the monsoons and when I glue the pieces back together, I swell and surge like the sea. And then I gradually become tranquil, peaceful, calm... Subarna Prasad Acharya
 Spirit does not belong to any particular religion because It has nothing to do with any religion and humanity cannot claim any exclusivity to It because we and our planet is nothing but a drop in the ocean of this endless Universe. Thomas Vazhakunnathu, God Does Not Roll Dice 
 Whether morality is moral is an open question. R.N. Prasher
 Dont be nervous..be Excited.... gayan fonseka
 Our Universe is a multidimensional one every individual life unit consciously functions in a particular vibratory level (dimension or density) but unconsciously subconsciously functions in and through all the other levels, and as the awareness increases it moves to the conscious existence of the next immediate level. Thomas Vazhakunnathu, God Does Not Roll Dice 
 If I can give you all of these real answers to the questions you assumed were big unanswerable ones, imagine the depth of the new set of questions awaiting on the other side of resolution. Jeremy Vaeni, Urgency. 
 All eventsactions create a potential energy that rotate around the doer until releases or neutralized. (From Circles of Reasoning book) Reza Assadi
 Whether a man favors crepes and classical or cornbread and country, the complexities of life are all the same.-The Rabbi- J. Frank Dunkin, Bones of My Brother 
 There is an inherent unity and harmony in the universe. The divisions and disharmony we find on earth are created by the perception of separateness that people developed over a period of time. Thomas Vazhakunnathu, God Does Not Play Dice 
 Success does not bring happiness. Success brings success. Joanie Holzer Schirm, Adventurers Against Their Will: Extraordinary World War II Stories of Survival, Escape, and Connection-Unlike Any Others 
 Things to know from books to read Kip Koehler
 No es que escribir me produzca un gran placer, pero es mucho peor si no lo hago. Paul Auster
 A oportunidade de fazer o mal aparece cem vezes por dia e a de fazer bem, uma vez por ano, diz Zoroastro. Voltaire
 Honesty is admired, and starves. Juvenal, Satires, Book I 
 And he recalled the ancient adage: Who must do the harsh things? He who can. Trevanian, Shibumi 
 If we possess narrative sympathy - enabling us to see the world from others point of view - we cannot kill. If we do not, we cannot love. Richard Kearney, On Stories 
 Sitting outside on a dark night, under the stars, invites confidences amongst people of all ages, and all walks of life. It invokes an intimacy you dont find under most other circumstances. A.B. Shepherd, Lifeboat 
 Some of us teach ourselves and our children to love the superficial outer our looks, hair, skin, clothes rather than the greater beauty that resides within whereas it is that inner beauty that really defines you and who you truly are rassool jibraeel snyman
 Figuring out what to do with your life is only Half of the equation, the more important half is, whom you are doing it with sel
 Life is like a boxing match, keep on throwing those punches and one of them will land.Kevin Lane - The Shawshank Prevention Ken Scott
 When God lays His finger on your heart it cannot help but be filled with love for others if that doesnt happen there is nothing wrong with Gods finger there is something wrong with your heart rassool jibraeel snyman
 All the evidence of history suggests that man is indeed a rational animal, but with a near infinite capacity for folly. . . . He draws blueprints for Utopia, but never quite gets it built. In the end he plugs away obstinately with the only building material really ever at hand--his own part comic, part tragic, part cussed, but part glorious nature. Robert S. McNamara
 Try and avoid people who use the word cant regularly associate rather with those who say can and do rassool jibraeel snyman
 Za ovaj svijet vie vrijedi jedan dobar psova, nego svi oni doktori teologije koji mole za mir i za kiu, jer vie vrijedi uredna stolica nego najusrdnija molitva za zdravlje. Slobodan Novak, Mirisi, zlato i tamjan 
 And it was the speed that provided some solace. For if it moved like that, it would always move like that, and somehow, because of it, things change, somehow things end. Alexander Maksik, A Marker to Measure Drift 
 We are all part of a universal game. Returning to our essence while living in the world is the object of the game. The earth is the game board, and we are the pieces on the board. We move around and around until we remember who we really are, and then we can be taken off the board. At that point, we are no longer the game-piece, but the player weve won the game. Kenny Werner, Effortless Mastery 
 Which one is right? Which one is wrong? When you feel you could answer that type of questions, you trapped on your own perception. -Back cover, Andante Part 1, English modified- Ida R. Yulia, Andante Part 1: The Fallen Wings 
 We might feel we have achieved a lot. . just take a pause and look back. . We will see only darkness.... Mahesh shekhar
 When the world came to, it came, not to its senses, but to its madness. Helen OReilly
 Within us all are sages, warriors and fools we more often that not choose the fools rassool jibraeel snyman
 No matter how far you have gone down the road its never too late to stop and reinvent yourself rassool jibraeel snyman
 Frustration is your belief that things should be different than they are. So, when frustrated, ask yourself what should be different?. In the end, you will find things are the way they are, as a result of your choices. Accept responsibility and start making different choices. Your life will be more peaceful as a result. L.R.W. Lee
 Perhaps we are like cells in the mind of God, contributing to celestial functions beyond our ken, just as our cells unknowingly fashion our thoughts and actions. Perhaps the laws of nature order and constrain even the living and eternal Deity from which they spring, and of which they are a part. Robert Christian, Common Sense Renewed 
 I dont mean to step on anyones toes, and I dont mean to seem arrogant, but if you want to be foreverly remembered as anything great you have to live your life alone, hated, ignored, and character assassinated, and if you believe this to be true than you truely are a hater. B.L. Kennison
 I Dont use common sense i use senses thats way more significant than common !! jojo1980
 I look myself in the mirror and see what I am inside. In a glimpse, I find the perfection in the imperfect evidence of the former existence.Katia M. S. Katia M. S.
 Im just here to remind you that every human life is a bold and delicate projection of the eternal into the temporal. Paul Kijinski, The 11:15 Bench 
 I Used to think that I knew everything, I was alone. My heart was empty, a single soul experience of life. When I discovered in a pair of eyes, a light reflection of mine, I found my mate, my match, my soul.Katia M. S. Katia M. S.
 There can be no fairer spectacle than that of a man, who combines the possession of moral beauty in his soul with outward beauty of form, corresponding and harmonizing with the former, because the same great pattern enters both. Plato
 (...)Take your time, because thereisnt a moment to spare,(...) Thats what Stein told me when I had to leave Menakfor the first time. It kind of means that wherever yourdestination is, now is the time to start working towards it,or you will never get there. Daniel Z Hastings, Soulfire 
 There is no Success or Failure in LOVE, by itself is a Victory !! Mahesh shekhar
 In life it is difficult to find a way of life, but later is much more difficult to stay on that road... So before any decisions think carefully. Nikolic Mihajlo
 The pursuit of historical revelance is an under appreciated endeavor. Michael Dwinnell
 A kite only flies if its tethered. Victor Robert Lee, Performance Anomalies 
 Hungry for what? Money? No. Power? Over people? That was like having power over clams. Victor Robert Lee, Performance Anomalies 
 Knowledge is the comprehensive embodiment of imagination that surfaces in observation and finally ripens through the reinforcement of experience thereby inculcating knowledge. This in fact is the short story of life. Q.M. Sidd, A Dance in Melancholy: A Collection of My Articles and Memoirs 
 Sometimes we focus too much on the lyrics that we forget to dance to the music. And sometimes we dance to the music and dont listen to the lyrics. Let the rhythm guide you. Let the lyrics inspire you. Alexa Anderson
 I believe in the goddess of mystery. And shes always pregnant! Victor Robert Lee, Performance Anomalies 
 Worrying is the most natural and spontaneous of all human functions. It is time to acknowledge this, perhaps even to learn to do it better. Lewis Thomas, The Medusa and the Snail: More Notes of a Biology Watcher 
 Its only a cut, a reminder of this day. A reminder to ask every day, Why am I doing this? Victor Robert Lee, Performance Anomalies 
 Im lazy, I like to do it right the first time. Cian Beirdd, Kediak of the Biainili 
 I take very few people seriously, and Im not one of them. Cian Beirdd, Kediak of the Biainili 
 In life things are only free after youve paid for them. T.A. Uner
 There isnt music without rhythm have a soul that wont leave your lips without a song. Elizabeth Vongsaravanh
 A mans final query is determined by how well he acts under pressure. If man can control his demeanor under extreme stress, he will be judged in a positive way. Angela Khristin Brown
 era uma vez um gro de areia que se lamentava de ser um tomo ignorado do deserto ao final de alguns anos tornou-se diamente (...). Essas palavras me deixaram impressionado eu era o gro de areia, resolvi tornar-me diamante. Voltaire
 IMAGES : THEY EITHER GUIDEMISGUIDE YOU . IT IS THE ORIENTATION ALIGNMENT OF MIND THAT NEEDS TO BE TUNED TO FRAME THE TRUE IMAGES. MITESH
 The impatient idealist says: Give me a place to stand and I shall move the earth. But such a place does not exist. We all have to stand on the earth itself and go with her at her pace. Chinua Achebe, No Longer at Ease 
 My life seemed like a glass tunnel, through which I was moving faster every year, and at the end of which there was darkness. When I changed my view, the walls of my glass tunnel disappeared. I now live in the open air. Derek Parfit, Reasons and Persons 
 An infinite question is often destroyed by finite answers...To define everything is to annihilate much that gives us laughter and joy...If I try self consciously to become a person, I will never be one. The most real people, those who are able to forget their selfish selves, who have true compassion, are usually the most distinct individuals Madeleine LEngle, A Circle of Quiet 
 The illusion of the seventh veil was the illusion that you could get somebody else to do it for you. To think for you. To hang on your cross. The priest, the rabbi, the imam, the swami, the philosophical novelist were traffic cops, at best. They might direct you through a busy intersection, but they wouldnt follow you home and park your car. Tom Robbins, Skinny Legs and All 
 But life does not consist of words.Life consists of reality. Bjrnstjerne Bjrnson
 I just know that I dont want cheating. I refuse. I deepened myself but I dont believe in myself because my thought is invented. Clarice Lispector, The Stream of Life 
 You think because you face situations not of your making that you exercise no choice? That you are helpless? To the contrary, child. Your whole life has been full of choices. Hiding from a hard truth is a choice. Surrender - even to the inevitable - is a choice. Even in death there is a choice. You may have no control over the time or manner of your death, but you can choose how you face it. C.L. Wilson, Queen of Song and Souls 
 Hey, if its a good philosophy, it works. Death is imminent. Live every day like its your last. Justina Chen, North of Beautiful 
 So much of life, it seems, is determined by pure randomness. Sidney Poitier
 Were beings towards death, were featherless two-legged linguistically conscious creatures born between urine and feces whose bodies will one day be the culinary delight of terrestrial worms. Thats us. Cornel West
 Iron deficiency can lead to a wardrobe full of crumpled clothes Benny Bellamacina, Philosophical Uplifting Quotes and Poems 
 Always tell yourself that you are as good as anyone that breathes that you have two hands and a brain, and a little time in which to use them. But they are enough, and no one has any more. And if you train and force them to serve you well, you can reach any height to which you aspire. But to waste any of them is to betray yourself. Robert M. Stroud
 Of all affairs, communication is the most wonderful. John Dewey, Experience and Nature 
 Who but the Atman is capable of removing the bonds of ignorance, passion and self-interested action? Adi Shankaracarya
 To send men to the firing squad, judicial proof is unnecessary. These procedures are an archaic bourgeois detail. This is a revolution! And a revolutionary must become a cold killing machine motivated by pure hate. We must create the pedagogy of the paredn execution wall. Ernesto Che Guevara
 In any given culture and at any given moment, there is always only one episteme that defines the conditions of possibility of all knowledge, whether expressed in theory or silently invested in a practice. Michel Foucault, The Order of Things: An Archaeology of the Human Sciences 
 Through creativity, we are seamlessly connected and sustained as we pullback the veil, revealing beneath our differences and distinctive characteristics,human expression and the human experience are universal. It is the greatnessof this experience that connects us together by infinite invisible threads strewnacross the globe. This is my responsibility, passion and desire as an artistmysoul purpose. Brian Bowers, Shadows Chasing Light 
 It is difficult when reading the description of certain fictional characters not at the same time to imagine the real-life acquaintances who they most closely, if often unexpectedly, resemble. Alain de Botton, How Proust Can Change Your Life 
 Dreams are a beautiful bride that holds our hands to enter a world more gloriousthan this one. Subhan Zein
 Qu tienen esos momentos intemporales que luego siempre se recuerdan con una dulce melancola? A veces me parece que es en esos intervalos de vaco, sin que fuera consciente de ello, cuando he vivido de manera ms real y autntica. John Banville, Eclipse 
 Theres no tragedy in nature, only process -- and therefore no triumph, either. Dean Koontz, By the Light of the Moon 
 Nadie parece haber cado en cuenta de que si la existencia es absurda, lograr en ella un xito brillante no tiene ms valor que fracasar por completo. Muriel Barbery, The Elegance of the Hedgehog 
 Things are neither good nor bad , all that matters is our thinking....! M.H. Rakib, The Cavalier 
 Claude tiene una pinche potencia omfg perd la cuenta de cuentas veces yo no poda ni caminar despus. Mariana Caldern de la Barca
 nO thing is yOurs except yOur bOdy -&- nO one is yOurs except yOur sOul Prateek Vyas
 Ahora miraba el mundo como algo remoto, con lo que yo no tena nada que ver y de lo que nada esperaba, y de hecho nada deseaba: en pocas palabras, no tena nada que ver con ese mundo, y difcilmente algn da tendra que ver algo con l por tanto, pens que as deba de verse despus de la muerte. Daniel Defoe, Robinson Crusoe 
 Character depends on characters. Few people are character. Others should try to opt one but they dont, they lose. Vikram Roy