 My desire and wish is that the things I start with should be so obvious that you wonder why I spend my time stating them. This is what I aim at because the point of philosophy is to start with something so simple as not to seem worth stating, and to end with something so paradoxical that no one will believe it. Bertrand Russell, The Philosophy of Logical Atomism 
 The inner fire is the most important thing mankind possesses. Edith Sdergran
 Death, therefore, the most awful of evils, is nothing to us, seeing that, when we are, death is not come, and, when death is come, we are not. Epicurus
 The trouble is you can shut your eyes but you cant shut your mind. Terry Pratchett, Wintersmith 
 The essence of independence has been to think and act according to standards from within, not without: to follow ones own path, not that of the crowd. Nicholas Tharcher, Rebels and Devils: The Psychology of Liberation 
 Choose to be happy. It is what we have all done. Melissa Marr, Fragile Eternity 
 True love is like ghosts, which everybody talks about and few have seen. Franois de La Rochefoucauld
 You were born a child of lights wonderful secret you return to the beauty you have always been. Aberjhani, Visions of a Skylark Dressed in Black 
 Until the day when God shall deign to reveal the future to man, all human wisdom is summed up in these two words,-Wait and hope. Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo 
 A painting is more than the sum of its parts, he would tell me, and then go on to explain how the cow by itself is just a cow, and the meadow by itself is just grass and flowers, and the sun peeking through the trees is just a beam of light, but put them all together and youve got magic. Wendelin Van Draanen, Flipped 
 Fas est ab hoste doceri.One should learn even from ones enemies. Ovid, Metamorphoses 
 No man was ever wise by chance Seneca
 It is clear that the individual who persecutes a man, his brother, because he is not of the same opinion, is a monster. Voltaire
 As long as we are children, we have the ability to experience things around us--but then we grow used to the world. To grow up is to get drunk on sensory experience. Jostein Gaarder, The Solitaire Mystery 
 Philosophy ... is a science, and as such has no articles of faith accordingly, in it nothing can be assumed as existing except what is either positively given empirically, or demonstrated through indubitable conclusions. Arthur Schopenhauer, Parerga and Paralipomena 
 Joy is the goal of existence, and joy is not to be stumbled upon, but to be achieved, and the act of treason is to let its vision drown in the swamp of the moments torture. Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged 
 The secret of Buddhism is to remove all ideas, all concepts, in order for the truth to have a chance to penetrate, to reveal itself. Thich Nhat Hanh, Buddha Mind, Buddha Body: Walking Toward Enlightenment 
 If you dont behave as you believe, you will end by believing as you behave. Fulton J. Sheen
 This place is a dream. Only a sleeper considers it real. Then death comes like dawn, and you wake up laughing at what you thought was your grief. Jalaluddin Rumi
 Be wiser than other people if you can but do not tell them so. Dale Carnegie
 One of the greatest tragedies in life is to lose your own sense of self and accept the version of you that is expected by everyone else. K.L. Toth
 Whether a thought is spoken or not it is a real thing and it has power, Tuek said. You might find the line between life and death among the Fremen to be too sharp and quick. Frank Herbert, Dune 
 The moment you stop trying to become a better person, is the moment you start to become worse than what you already are. Carroll Bryant
 To exist is to change, to change is to mature, to mature is to go on creating oneself endlessly. Henri Bergson
 What we have forgotten is that thoughts and words are conventions, and that it is fatal to take conventions too seriously. A convention is a social convenience, as, for example, money ... but it is absurd to take money too seriously, to confuse it with real wealth ... In somewhat the same way, thoughts, ideas and words are coins for real things. Alan W. Watts, The Wisdom of Insecurity: A Message for an Age of Anxiety 
 The bounties of space, of infinite outwardness, were three: empty heroics, low comedy, and pointless death. Kurt Vonnegut Jr., The Sirens of Titan 
 All is mystery but he is a slave who will not struggle to penetrate the dark veil. Benjamin Disraeli
 Knowledge subverts love: in proportion as we penetrate our secrets, we come to loathe our kind, precisely because they resemble us. Emil M. Cioran
 Except our own thoughts, there is nothing absolutely in our power. Ren Descartes
 All knowledge is worth having. Jacqueline Carey, Kushiels Dart 
 Dont only practice your art, but force your way into its secrets, for it and knowledge can raise men to the divine. Ludwig van Beethoven
 The most important reason for going from one place to another is to see whats in between, and they took great pleasure in doing just that. Norton Juster, The Phantom Tollbooth 
 We are the hollow menWe are the stuffed menLeaning togetherHeadpiece filled with straw. Alas!Our dried voices, whenWe whisper togetherAre quiet and meaninglessAs wind in dry grassOr rats feet over broken glassIn our dry cellarShape without form, shade without colour,Paralysed force, gesture without motion- The Hollow Men T.S. Eliot, Poems: 1909-1925 
 Fair speech may hide a foul heart. J.R.R. Tolkien, The Two Towers 
 Non est ad astra mollis e terris via - There is no easy way from the earth to the stars Seneca
 I have gained this by philosophy I do without being ordered what some are constrained to do by their fear of the law. Aristotle
 I think I am, therefore, I am... I think. George Carlin
 Before I can live with other folks Ive got to live with myself. The one thing that doesnt abide by majority rule is a persons conscience. Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird 
 A great many people think they are thinking when they are merely rearranging their prejudices. William James
 Our ability to adapt is amazing. Our ability to change isnt quite as spectacular. Lisa Lutz, The Spellmans Strike Again 
 Dont just say you have read books. Show that through them you have learned to think better, to be a more discriminating and reflective person. Books are the training weights of the mind. They are very helpful, but it would be a bad mistake to suppose that one has made progress simply by having internalized their contents. Translation by Sharon Lebell Epictetus, The Art of Living: The Classical Manual on Virtue, Happiness and Effectiveness 
 When someone sees the same people every day, as had happened with him at the seminary, they wind up becoming a part of that persons life. And then they want the person to change. If someone isnt what others want them to be, the others become angry. Everyone seems to have a clear idea of how other people should lead their lives, but none about his or her own. Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist 
 If youre trapped in the dream of the Other, youre fucked. Gilles Deleuze
 If you reveal your secrets to the wind,you should not blame the wind forrevealing them to the trees. Kahlil Gibran, The Wanderer 
 Even the finest sword plunged into salt water will eventually rust. Sun Tzu
 Learning does not make one learned: there are those who have knowledge and those who have understanding. The first requires memory and the second philosophy. Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo 
 Always forgive, but never forget, else you will be a prisoner of your own hatred, and doomed to repeat your mistakes forever. Wil Zeus, Sun Beyond the Clouds 
 I consider it an extremely dangerous doctrine, because the more likely we are to assume that the solution comes from the outside, the less likely we are to solve our problems ourselves. Carl Sagan
 The moment we cry in a film is not when things are sad but when they turn out to be more beautiful than we expected them to be. Alain de Botton
 Life is much more successfully looked at from a single window. F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby 
 Even a soul submerged in sleep is hard at work and helps make something of the world. Heraclitus, Fragments 
 The glory of Christianity is to conquer by forgiveness. William Blake
 I think us here to wonder, myself. To wonder. To ask. And that in wondering bout the big things and asking bout the big things, you learn about the little ones, almost by accident. But you never know nothing more about the big things than you start out with. The more I wonder, the more I love. Alice Walker, The Color Purple 
 Only that day dawns to which we are awake. There is more day to dawn. The sun is but a morning star. Henry David Thoreau, Walden 
 Everything takes time. Bees have to move very fast to stay still. David Foster Wallace, Brief Interviews with Hideous Men 
 Inevitably it follows that anyone with an independent mind must become one who resists or opposes an authority or established convention: a rebel. ...And if enough people come to agree withand followthe REBEL, we now have a DEVIL. Until, of course, still more people agree. And then, finally, we have ... GREATNESS. Nicholas Tharcher, Rebels and Devils: The Psychology of Liberation 
 Happiness can be found, even in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light. J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban 
 Those who educate children well are more to be honored than they who produce them for these only gave them life, those the art of living well. Aristotle
 I dont know whats worse: to not know what you are and be happy, or to become what youve always wanted to be, and feel alone. Daniel Keyes, Flowers for Algernon 
 Man suffers only because he takes seriously what the gods made for fun. Alan W. Watts
 He suddenly recalled from Platos Symposium: People were hermaphrodites until God split then in two, and now all the halves wander the world over seeking one another. Love is the longing for the half of ourselves we have lost. Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being 
 I know that pain is the most important thing in the universes. Greater than survival, greater than love, greater even than the beauty it brings about. For without pain, there can be no pleasure. Without sadness, there can be no happiness. Without misery there can be no beauty. And without these, life is endless, hopeless, doomed and damned. Adult. You have become adult. Harlan Ellison, Paingod and Other Delusions 
 No! Try not. Do, or do not. There is no try. George Lucas, The Star Wars Trilogy 
 One is not born, but rather becomes, a woman. Simone de Beauvoir, The Second Sex 
 Man is a mystery. It needs to be unravelled, and if you spend your whole life unravelling it, dont say that youve wasted time. I am studying that mystery because I want to be a human being. Fyodor Dostoyevsky
 If anyone tells you that a certain person speaks ill of you, do not make excuses about what is said of you but answer, He was ignorant of my other faults, else he would not have mentioned these alone. Epictetus
 The most incomprehensible thing about the world is that it is at all comprehensible. Albert Einstein
 The philosophers have only interpreted the world, in various ways. The point, however, is to change it.These words are also inscribed upon his grave Karl Marx, Eleven Theses on Feuerbach 
 I shiver, thinking how easy it is to be totally wrong about people-to see one tiny part of them and confuse it for the whole, to see the cause and think its the effect or vice versa Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall 
 If you understand others you are smart.If you understand yourself you are illuminated.If you overcome others you are powerful.If you overcome yourself you have strength.If you know how to be satisfied you are rich.If you can act with vigor, you have a will.If you dont lose your objectives you can be long-lasting.If you die without loss, you are eternal. Lao Tzu, Tao Te Ching 
 belief is the death of intelligence. Robert Anton Wilson, Cosmic Trigger: Die letzten Geheimnisse der Illuminaten oder An den Grenzen des erweiterten Bewusstseins 
 I dont deserve a soul, yet I still have one. I know because it hurts. Douglas Coupland, The Gum Thief 
 I would never die for my beliefs because I might be wrong. Bertrand Russell
 The journey is what brings us happiness not the destination. Dan Millman, Way of the Peaceful Warrior: A Book That Changes Lives 
 One of the penalties of refusing to participate in politics is that you end up being governed by your inferiors. Plato
 If it turns out that there is a God...the worst that you can say about him is that basically hes an underachiever. Woody Allen
 Wisest is she who knows she does not know. Jostein Gaarder, Sophies World 
 Happiness consists in frequent repetition of pleasure Arthur Schopenhauer
 Perhaps home is not a place but simply an irrevocable condition. James Baldwin, Giovannis Room 
 Your pain is the breaking of the shell that encloses your understanding... And could you keep your heart in wonder at the daily miracles of your life, your pain would not seem less wondrous than your joy Kahlil Gibran
 He died that day because his body had served its purpose. His soul had done what it came to do, learned what it came to learn, and then was free to leave. Garth Stein, The Art of Racing in the Rain 
 I dont want to be a tree I want to be its meaning. Orhan Pamuk, My Name is Red 
 You show me a capitalist, and Ill show you a bloodsucker Malcolm X
 On the whole human beings want to be good, but not too good, and not quite all the time. George Orwell, All Art is Propaganda: Critical Essays 
 What you are is Gods gift to you, what you become is your gift to God. Hans Urs von Balthasar, Prayer 
 This is my simple religion. There is no need for temples no need for complicated philosophy. Our own brain, our own heart is our temple the philosophy is kindness. Dalai Lama XIV, The Dalai Lama: A Policy of Kindness: An Anthology of Writings By and About the Dalai Lama 
 Devotion to the truth is the hallmark of morality there is no greater, nobler, more heroic form of devotion than the act of a man who assumes the responsibility of thinking. Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged 
 It is foolish and wrong to mourn the men who died. Rather, we should thank God that such men lived. George S. Patton Jr.
 The seed of suffering in you may be strong, but dont wait until you have no more suffering before allowing yourself to be happy. Thich Nhat Hanh, The Heart of the Buddhas Teaching: Transforming Suffering into Peace, Joy, and Liberation 
 If you place your head in a lions mouth, then you cannot complain one day if he happens to bite it off. Agatha Christie
 I dont know why we are here, but Im pretty sure that it is not in order to enjoy ourselves. Ludwig Wittgenstein
 Anywaybecause we are readers, we dont have to wait for some communications executive to decide what we should think about nextand how we should think about it. We can fill our heads with anything from aardvarks to zucchinisat any time of night or day. Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Palm Sunday: An Autobiographical Collage 
 Dont explain your philosophy. Embody it. Epictetus
 There aint no such thing as a free lunch. Pierre Dos Utt, Tanstaafl: A Plan for a New Economic World Order 
 I was never aware of any other option but to question everything. Noam Chomsky
 Freedom in capitalist society always remains about the same as it was in ancient Greek republics: Freedom for slave owners. Vladimir Lenin
 The cosmos is within us. We are made of star-stuff. We are a way for the universe to know itself. Carl Sagan
 Stop feeling sorry for yourself and you will be happy. Stephen Fry
 Au milieu de lhiver, jai dcouvert en moi un invincible t. Albert Camus
 Last night I was seriously considering whether I was a bisexual or not but I dont think so though Im not sure if Id like to be and argh I dont think theres anything wrong with that, if you like a person, you like the person, not their genitals. Jess C. Scott, Tongue-Tied 
 A cult is a religion with no political power. Tom Wolfe
 The evil that is in the world almost always comes from ignorance, and good intentions may do as much harm as malevolence if they lack understanding. Albert Camus
 The most perfidious way of harming a cause consists of defending it deliberately with faulty arguments. Friedrich Nietzsche
 When a man learns to love, he must bear the risk of hatred. Masashi Kishimoto
 Perhaps not one religion contains all of the truth of the world. Perhaps every religion contains fragments of the truth, and it is our responsibility to identify those fragments and piece them together. Christopher Paolini, Brisingr 
 Feathers filled the small room. Our laughter kept the feathers in the air. I thought about birds. Could they fly if there wasnt someone, somewhere, laughing? Jonathan Safran Foer, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close 
 The Revolution introduced me to art, and in turn, art introduced me to the Revolution! Albert Einstein
 The words I Love You kill, and resurrect millions, in less than a second. Aberjhani, Elemental: The Power of Illuminated Love 
 The end may justify the means as long as there is something that justifies the end. Leon Trotsky, Their Morals and Ours 
 To teach how to live without certainty, and yet without being paralyzed by hesitation, is perhaps the chief thing that philosophy, in our age, can still do for those who study it. Bertrand Russell, A History of Western Philosophy 
 Until an hour before the Devil fell, God thought him beautiful in Heaven. Arthur Miller, The Crucible 
 Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity and Im not sure about the universe. Albert Einstein
 Be the change that you wish to see in the world. Mahatma Gandhi
 Without music, life would be a mistake. Friedrich Nietzsche, Twilight of the Idols 
 The opposite of love is not hate, its indifference. The opposite of art is not ugliness, its indifference. The opposite of faith is not heresy, its indifference. And the opposite of life is not death, its indifference. Elie Wiesel
 Go to heaven for the climate and hell for the company. Benjamin Franklin Wade
 A day without laughter is a day wasted. Nicolas Chamfort
 Have you ever noticed how What the hell is always the right decision to make? Terry Johnson, Insignificance 
 How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world. Anne Frank, Anne Franks Tales from the Secret Annex 
 Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed, citizens can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has. Margaret Mead
 You talk when you cease to be at peace with your thoughts. Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet 
 May you live every day of your life. Jonathan Swift
 We have to dare to be ourselves, however frightening or strange that self may prove to be. May Sarton
 Man is the only creature who refuses to be what he is. Albert Camus
 If a cluttered desk is a sign of a cluttered mind, of what, then, is an empty desk a sign? Albert Einstein
 One, remember to look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Two, never give up work. Work gives you meaning and purpose and life is empty without it. Three, if you are lucky enough to find love, remember it is there and dont throw it away. Stephen Hawking
 It is hard enough to remember my opinions, without also remembering my reasons for them! Friedrich Nietzsche
 There is nothing either good or bad, but thinking makes it so. William Shakespeare, Hamlet 
 Never let your sense of morals prevent you from doing what is right. Isaac Asimov, Foundation 
 Wise men speak because they have something to say fools because they have to say something. Plato
 Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do. Benjamin Spock
 Think left and think right and think low and think high. Oh, the thinks you can think up if only you try! Dr. Seuss
 You do not write your life with words...You write it with actions. What you think is not important. It is only important what you do. Patrick Ness, A Monster Calls 
 Without deviation from the norm, progress is not possible. Frank Zappa
 Simplicity, patience, compassion.These three are your greatest treasures.Simple in actions and thoughts, you return to the source of being.Patient with both friends and enemies,you accord with the way things are.Compassionate toward yourself,you reconcile all beings in the world. Lao Tzu, Tao Te Ching 
 A woman has to live her life, or live to repent not having lived it. D.H. Lawrence, Lady Chatterleys Lover 
 There may be times when we are powerless to prevent injustice, but there must never be a time when we fail to protest. Elie Wiesel
 The most beautiful experience we can have is the mysterious. It is the fundamental emotion that stands at the cradle of true art and true science. Albert Einstein, The World As I See It 
 Do not fear to be eccentric in opinion, for every opinion now accepted was once eccentric. Bertrand Russell
 Fantasy is escapist, and that is its glory. If a soldier is imprisioned by the enemy, dont we consider it his duty to escape?. . .If we value the freedom of mind and soul, if were partisans of liberty, then its our plain duty to escape, and to take as many people with us as we can! J.R.R. Tolkien
 Fault always lies in the same place: with him weak enough to lay blame. Stephen King
 When another blames you or hates you, or people voice similar criticisms, go to their souls, penetrate inside and see what sort of people they are. You will realize that there is no need to be racked with anxiety that they should hold any particular opinion about you. Marcus Aurelius, Meditations 
 Whereof one cannot speak, thereof one must be silent. Ludwig Wittgenstein, Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus 
 When you choose one way out of many, all the ways you dont take are snuffed out like candles, as if theyd never existed. Philip Pullman, The Amber Spyglass 
 The real question of life after death isnt whether or not it exists, but even if it does what problem this really solves. Ludwig Wittgenstein
 Travel is never a matter of money but of courage Paulo Coelho, Aleph 
 Living well is an art that can be developed: a love of life and ability to take great pleasure from small offerings and assurance that the world owes you nothing and that every gift is exactly that, a gift. Maya Angelou, Wouldnt Take Nothing for My Journey Now 
 Lifethe way it really isis a battle not between good and bad, but between bad and worse Joseph Brodsky
 The pianokeys are black and whitebut they sound like a million colors in your mind Maria Cristina Mena, The Collected Stories of Maria Cristina Mena 
 There is no escapewe pay for the violence of our ancestors. Frank Herbert, Dune 
 There are two kinds of people in this world: Those who believe there are two kinds of people in this world and those who are smart enough to know better. Tom Robbins, Still Life with Woodpecker 
 The only way well get freedom for ourselves is to identify ourselves with every oppressed people in the world. We are blood brothers to the people of Brazil, Venezuela, Haiti, Cuba -- yes Cuba too. Malcolm X
 Madness is something rare in individuals but in groups, parties, peoples, and ages, it is the rule. Friedrich Nietzsche, Beyond Good and Evil 
 Nature is pleased with simplicity. And nature is no dummy Isaac Newton
 I am my world. Ludwig Wittgenstein
 I suppose therefore that all things I see are illusions I believe that nothing has ever existed of everything my lying memory tells me. I think I have no senses. I believe that body, shape, extension, motion, location are functions. What is there then that can be taken as true? Perhaps only this one thing, that nothing at all is certain. Ren Descartes
 I count him braver who overcomes his desires than him who overcomes his enemies. Aristotle
 Because there are three classes of intellects: one which comprehends by itself another which appreciates what others comprehend and a third which neither comprehends by itself nor by the showing of others the first is the most excellent, the second is good, the third is useless. Niccol Machiavelli, The Prince 
 Learned we may be with another mans learning: we can only be wise with wisdom of our own. Michel de Montaigne, The Complete Essays 
 Knowledge is power is time is money. Robert Thier, Storm and Silence 
 Civil government, so far as it is instituted for the security of property, is in reality instituted for the defense of the rich against the poor, or of those who have some property against those who have none at all. Adam Smith
 He who is not satisfied with a little, is satisfied with nothing . Epicurus
 Look back over the past, with its changing empires that rose and fell, and you can foresee the future too. Marcus Aurelius, Meditations 
 Problems that remain persistently insoluble should always be suspected as questions asked in the wrong way. Alan W. Watts, The Book on the Taboo Against Knowing Who You Are 
 A preoccupation with the next world clearly shows an inability to cope credibly with this one. Richard K. Morgan, Broken Angels 
 It isnt what you have, or who you are, or where you are, or what you are doing that makes you happy or unhappy. It is what you think about. Dale Carnegie
 To make light of philosophy is to be a true philosopher. Blaise Pascal, Penses 
 Im very polite by nature, even the voices in my head let each other finish their sentences. Graham Parke, Unspent Time 
 Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated. Confucius
 A serious and good philosophical work could be written consisting entirely of jokes. Ludwig Wittgenstein
 Let children read whatever they want and then talk about it with them. If parents and kids can talk together, we wont have as much censorship because we wont have as much fear. Judy Blume
 Do not train a child to learn by force or harshness but direct them to it by what amuses their minds, so that you may be better able to discover with accuracy the peculiar bent of the genius of each. Plato
 Tiger got to hunt, bird got to flyMan got to sit and wonder why, why, why?Tiger got to sleep, bird got to landMan got to tell himself he understand. Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Cats Cradle 
 Grown-ups never understand anything by themselves, and it is tiresome for children to be always and forever explaining things to them Antoine de Saint-Exupry, The Little Prince 
 For me, I am driven by two main philosophies: know more today about the world than I knew yesterday and lessen the suffering of others. Youd be surprised how far that gets you. Neil deGrasse Tyson
 The important thing is not to stop questioning. Curiosity has its own reason for existing. Albert Einstein
 Well, I must endure the presence of a few caterpillars if I wish to become acquainted with the butterflies. Antoine de Saint-Exupry, The Little Prince 
 Is it possible, in the final analysis, for one human being to achieve perfect understanding of another?We can invest enormous time and energy in serious efforts to know another person, but in the end, how close can we come to that persons essence? We convince ourselves that we know the other person well, but do we really know anything important about anyone? Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle 
 I would believe only in a God that knows how to dance. Friedrich Nietzsche
 You didnt kill him. He would have killed you, but you didnt kill him.So? He was stupid. If I killed everyone who was stupid, I wouldnt have time to sleep. Tamora Pierce, In the Hand of the Goddess 
 If youre going to kick authority in the teeth, you might as well use two feet. Keith Richards, Keith Richards: In His Own Words 
 Its not all bad. Heightened self-consciousness, apartness, an inability to join in, physical shame and self-loathingthey are not all bad. Those devils have been my angels. Without them I would never have disappeared into language, literature, the mind, laughter and all the mad intensities that made and unmade me. Stephen Fry, Moab Is My Washpot 
 Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle. Socrates
 The true man wants two things: danger and play. For that reason he wants woman, as the most dangerous plaything. Friedrich Nietzsche
 The day the power of love overrules the love of power, the world will know peace. Mahatma Gandhi
 It is an ironic habit of human beings to run faster when they have lost their way. Rollo May
 The smallest minority on earth is the individual. Those who deny individual rights cannot claim to be defenders of minorities. Ayn Rand
 Today a young man on acid realized that all matter is merely energy condensed to a slow vibration, that we are all one consciousness experiencing itself subjectively, there is no such thing as death, life is only a dream, and we are the imagination of ourselves. Heres Tom with the Weather. Bill Hicks
 The first duty of a man is to think for himself Jos Mart
 Expect everything, I always say, and the unexpected never happens. Norton Juster, The Phantom Tollbooth 
 I shall look at you out of the corner of my eye, and you will say nothing. Words are the source of misunderstandings. Antoine de Saint-Exupry
 I started my life with a single absolute: that the world was mine to shape in the image of my highest values and never to be given up to a lesser standard, no matter how long or hard the struggle. Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged 
 Time is a game played beautifully by children. Heraclitus, Fragments 
 Do not go gentle into that good night,Old age should burn and rave at close of dayRage, rage against the dying of the light. Dylan Thomas, Do Not Go Gentle Into That Good Night 
 The legitimate powers of government extend to such acts only as are injurious to others. It does me no injury for my neighbor to say there are twenty gods or no god. It neither picks my pocket nor breaks my leg. Thomas Jefferson
 The best revenge is not to be like your enemy. Marcus Aurelius, Meditations 
 To write well, express yourself like the common people, but think like a wise man. Aristotle
 The highest activity a human being can attain is learning for understanding, because to understand is to be free. Baruch Spinoza
 The only thing that makes life possible is permanent, intolerable uncertainty: not knowing what comes next. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness 
 Who is John Galt? Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged 
 I never found beauty in longing for the impossible and never found the possible to be beyond my reach. Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged 
 Physics isnt the most important thing. Love is. Richard Feynman
 He was free, free in every way, free to behave like a fool or a machine, free to accept, free to refuse, free to equivocate to marry, to give up the game, to drag this death weight about with him for years to come. He could do what he liked, no one had the right to advise him, there would be for him no Good or Evil unless he thought them into being. Jean-Paul Sartre
 I assess the power of a will by how much resistance, pain, torture it endures and knows how to turn to its advantage Friedrich Nietzsche
 Words do not express thoughts very well every thing immediately becomes a little different, a little distorted, a little foolish. And yet it also pleases me and seems right that what is of value and wisdom of one man seems nonsense to another. Gautama Buddha
 No man can reveal to you aught but that which already lies half asleep in the dawning of your knowledge.The teacher who walks in the shadow of the temple, among his followers, gives not of his wisdom but rather of his faith and his lovingness.If he is indeed wise he does not bid you enter the house of his wisdom, but rather leads you to the threshold of your own mind. Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet 
 Seize the moments of happiness, love and be loved! That is the only reality in the world, all else is folly. It is the one thing we are interested in here. Leo Tolstoy
 Doing nothing is better than being busy doing nothing. Lao Tzu
 When you realize there is something you dont understand, then youre generally on the right path to understanding all kinds of things. Jostein Gaarder, The Solitaire Mystery 
 It is therefore senseless to think of complaining since nothing foreign has decided what we feel, what we live, or what we are. Jean-Paul Sartre, Being and Nothingness 
 Ones life has value so long as one attributes value to the life of others, by means of love, friendship, and compassion Simone de Beauvoir
 Keep me away from the wisdom which does not cry, the philosophy which does not laugh and the greatness which does not bow before children. Kahlil Gibran, Mirrors of the Soul 
 Challenges are gifts that force us to search for a new center of gravity. Dont fight them. Just find a new way to stand. Oprah Winfrey
 The beauty of a living thing is not the atoms that go into it, but the way those atoms are put together. Carl Sagan, Cosmos 
 I cannot compromise my respect for your love. You can keep your love, I will keep my respect. Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words 
 Criticism of others is thus an oblique form of self-commendation. We think we make the picture hang straight on our wall by telling our neighbors that all his pictures are crooked. Fulton J. Sheen, Seven Words of Jesus and Mary: Lessons from Cana and Calvary 
 One must wait until the evening to see how splendid the day has been. Sophocles
 Dance like it hurts. Love like you need money. Work when people are watching. -- Dogberts Motto Scott Adams
 Im not frightened. Im not frightened of anything. The more I suffer, the more I love. Danger will only increase my love. It will sharpen it, forgive its vice. I will be the only angel you need. You will leave life even more beautiful than you entered it. Heaven will take you back and look at you and say: Only one thing can make a soul complete and that thing is love. Bernhard Schlink, The Reader 
 No matter how you care to define it, I do not identify with the local group. Planet, species, race, nation, state, religion, party, union, club, association, neighborhood improvement committee I have no interest in any of it. I love and treasure individuals as I meet them, I loathe and despise the groups they identify with and belong to. George Carlin, Brain Droppings 
 If anyone on the verge of action should judge himself according to the outcome, he would never begin. Sren Kierkegaard, Fear and Trembling 
 Every strike brings me closer to the next home run. Babe Ruth
 Things do not change we change. Henry David Thoreau, Walden 
 Man is always prey to his truths. Once he has admitted them, he cannot free himself from them. Albert Camus, The Myth of Sisyphus and Other Essays 
 No one should ever ask themselves that: why am I unhappy? The question carries within it the virus that will destroy everything. If we ask that question, it means we want to find out what makes us happy. If what makes us happy is different from what we have now, then we must either change once and for all or stay as we are, feeling even more unhappy. Paulo Coelho, The Zahir 
 People know what they do frequently they know why they do what they do but what they dont know is what what they do does. Michel Foucault, Madness and Civilization: A History of Insanity in the Age of Reason 
 For, after all, how do we know that two and two make four? Or that the force of gravity works? Or that the past is unchangeable? If both the past and the external world exist only in the mind, and if the mind itself is controllable what then? George Orwell, 1984 
 It takes three to make love, not two: you, your spouse, and God. Without God people only succeed in bringing out the worst in one another. Lovers who have nothing else to do but love each other soon find there is nothing else. Without a central loyalty life is unfinished. Fulton J. Sheen, Seven Words of Jesus and Mary: Lessons from Cana and Calvary 
 It does not matter how long you are spending on the earth, how much money you have gathered or how much attention you have received. It is the amount of positive vibration you have radiated in life that matters, Amit Ray, Meditation: Insights and Inspirations 
 Some people talk in their sleep. Lecturers talk while other people sleep Albert Camus
 Even if there is only one possible unified theory, it is just a set of rules and equations. What is it that breathes fire into the equations and makes a universe for them to describe? The usual approach of science of constructing a mathematical model cannot answer the questions of why there should be a universe for the model to describe. Why does the universe go to all the bother of existing? Stephen Hawking, A Brief History of Time 
 The flame that burns Twice as bright burns half as long. Lao Tzu, Te Tao Ching 
 Take it moment by moment, and you will find that we are all, as Ive said before, bugs in amber. Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
 Know thyself? If I knew myself, Id run away. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
 The eye sees only what the mind is prepared to comprehend. Robertson Davies, Tempest-Tost 
 There are no ordinary moments. Dan Millman, Way of the Peaceful Warrior: A Book That Changes Lives 
 The aim of art is to represent not the outward appearance of things, but their inward significance. Aristotle
 Take it easy, but take it. Woody Guthrie
 Cinema is the ultimate pervert art. It doesnt give you what you desire - it tells you how to desire. Slavoj iek
 But the fact that some geniuses were laughed at does not imply that all who are laughed at are geniuses. They laughed at Columbus, they laughed at Fulton, they laughed at the Wright brothers. But they also laughed at Bozo the Clown. Carl Sagan, Brocas Brain: Reflections on the Romance of Science 
 No single event can awaken within us a stranger whose existence we had never suspected. To live is to be slowly born. Antoine de Saint-Exupry, Flight to Arras 
 You are an aperture through which the universe is looking at and exploring itself. Alan W. Watts
 The first method for estimating the intelligence of a ruler is to look at the men he has around him. Niccol Machiavelli, The Prince 
 Its no good trying to get rid of your own aloneness. Youve got to stick to it all your life. Only at times, at times, the gap will be filled in. At times! But you have to wait for the times. Accept your own aloneness and stick to it, all your life. And then accept the times when the gap is filled in, when they come. But theyve got to come. You cant force them. D.H. Lawrence, Lady Chatterleys Lover 
 We should forgive our enemies, but not before they are hanged Heinrich Heine
 It may be important to great thinkers to examine the world, to explain and despise it. But I think it is only important to love the world, not to despise it, not for us to hate each other, but to be able to regard the world and ourselves and all beings with love, admiration and respect. Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha 
 The menu is not the meal. Alan W. Watts
 We are all atheists about most of the gods that humanity has ever believed in. Some of us just go one god further. Richard Dawkins, The God Delusion 
 Youre not to be so blind with patriotism that you cant face reality. Wrong is wrong, no matter who does it or says it. Malcolm X, By Any Means Necessary 
 Maybe everyone can live beyond what theyre capable of. Markus Zusak, I Am the Messenger 
 If you ever find yourself in the wrong story, leave. Mo Willems, Goldilocks and the Three Dinosaurs 
 Lets think the unthinkable, lets do the undoable. Let us prepare to grapple with the ineffable itself, and see if we may not eff it after all. Douglas Adams, Dirk Gentlys Holistic Detective Agency 
 The past has no power over the present moment. Eckhart Tolle
 Time is an illusion. Lunchtime doubly so. Douglas Adams, The Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy 
 I was within and without, simultaneously enchanted and repelled by the inexhaustible variety of life. F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby 
 A truth thats told with bad intentBeats all the lies you can invent. William Blake, Auguries of Innocence 
 When we are tired, we are attacked by ideas we conquered long ago. Friedrich Nietzsche
 The reasonable man adapts himself to the world: the unreasonable one persists in trying to adapt the world to himself. Therefore all progress depends on the unreasonable man. George Bernard Shaw, Man and Superman 
 I cannot teach anybody anything. I can only make them think Socrates
 Those who know do not speak. Those who speak do not know. Lao Tzu, Tao Teh Ching 
 We are addicted to our thoughts. We cannot change anything if we cannot change our thinking. Santosh Kalwar, Quote Me Everyday 
 You only live twice:Once when you are bornAnd once when you look death in the face Ian Fleming, You Only Live Twice 
 Heard melodies are sweet, but those unheard, are sweeter John Keats, Ode on a Grecian Urn and Other Poems 
 A paranoid is someone who knows a little of whats going on. William S. Burroughs
 Music is ... A higher revelation than all Wisdom & Philosophy Ludwig van Beethoven
 The easy confidence with which I know another mans religion is folly teaches me to suspect that my own is also. Mark Twain
 The price good men pay for indifference to public affairs is to be ruled by evil men. Plato
 A concept is a brick. It can be used to build a courthouse of reason. Or it can be thrown through the window. Gilles Deleuze, A Thousand Plateaus: Capitalism and Schizophrenia 
 If you win, you need not have to explain...If you lose, you should not be there to explain! Adolf Hitler
 Like all magnificent things, its very simple. Natalie Babbitt, Tuck Everlasting 
 It is easy in the world to live after the worlds opinion it is easy in solitude to live after our own but the great man is he who in the midst of the crowd keeps with perfect sweetness the independence of solitude. Ralph Waldo Emerson, The Complete Prose Works of Ralph Waldo Emerson 
 Morality is simply the attitude we adopt towards people we personally dislike. Oscar Wilde, An Ideal Husband 
 Science is not only compatible with spirituality it is a profound source of spirituality. Carl Sagan, The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark 
 It is not true that people stop pursuing dreams because they grow old, they grow old because they stop pursuing dreams. Gabriel Garca Mrquez
 An intellectual? Yes. And never deny it. An intellectual is someone whose mind watches itself. I like this, because I am happy to be both halves, the watcher and the watched. Can they be brought together? This is a practical question. We must get down to it. I despise intelligence really means: I cannot bear my doubts. Albert Camus
 Sometimes I lie awake at night and I ask, Is life a multiple choice test or is it a true or false test? ...Then a voice comes to me out of the dark and says, We hate to tell you this but life is a thousand word essay. Charles M. Schulz
 Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity and Im not sure about the universe. Albert Einstein
 Be the change that you wish to see in the world. Mahatma Gandhi
 Without music, life would be a mistake. Friedrich Nietzsche, Twilight of the Idols 
 The opposite of love is not hate, its indifference. The opposite of art is not ugliness, its indifference. The opposite of faith is not heresy, its indifference. And the opposite of life is not death, its indifference. Elie Wiesel
 Go to heaven for the climate and hell for the company. Benjamin Franklin Wade
 A day without laughter is a day wasted. Nicolas Chamfort
 Have you ever noticed how What the hell is always the right decision to make? Terry Johnson, Insignificance 
 How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world. Anne Frank, Anne Franks Tales from the Secret Annex 
 Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed, citizens can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has. Margaret Mead
 You talk when you cease to be at peace with your thoughts. Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet 
 May you live every day of your life. Jonathan Swift
 We have to dare to be ourselves, however frightening or strange that self may prove to be. May Sarton
 Man is the only creature who refuses to be what he is. Albert Camus
 If a cluttered desk is a sign of a cluttered mind, of what, then, is an empty desk a sign? Albert Einstein
 One, remember to look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Two, never give up work. Work gives you meaning and purpose and life is empty without it. Three, if you are lucky enough to find love, remember it is there and dont throw it away. Stephen Hawking
 It is hard enough to remember my opinions, without also remembering my reasons for them! Friedrich Nietzsche
 There is nothing either good or bad, but thinking makes it so. William Shakespeare, Hamlet 
 Never let your sense of morals prevent you from doing what is right. Isaac Asimov, Foundation 
 Wise men speak because they have something to say fools because they have to say something. Plato
 Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do. Benjamin Spock
 Think left and think right and think low and think high. Oh, the thinks you can think up if only you try! Dr. Seuss
 You do not write your life with words...You write it with actions. What you think is not important. It is only important what you do. Patrick Ness, A Monster Calls 
 Without deviation from the norm, progress is not possible. Frank Zappa
 Simplicity, patience, compassion.These three are your greatest treasures.Simple in actions and thoughts, you return to the source of being.Patient with both friends and enemies,you accord with the way things are.Compassionate toward yourself,you reconcile all beings in the world. Lao Tzu, Tao Te Ching 
 A woman has to live her life, or live to repent not having lived it. D.H. Lawrence, Lady Chatterleys Lover 
 There may be times when we are powerless to prevent injustice, but there must never be a time when we fail to protest. Elie Wiesel
 The most beautiful experience we can have is the mysterious. It is the fundamental emotion that stands at the cradle of true art and true science. Albert Einstein, The World As I See It 
 Do not fear to be eccentric in opinion, for every opinion now accepted was once eccentric. Bertrand Russell
 Fantasy is escapist, and that is its glory. If a soldier is imprisioned by the enemy, dont we consider it his duty to escape?. . .If we value the freedom of mind and soul, if were partisans of liberty, then its our plain duty to escape, and to take as many people with us as we can! J.R.R. Tolkien
 As soon as you have made a thought, laugh at it. Lao Tzu
 To study philosophy is nothing but to prepare ones self to die. Marcus Tullius Cicero
 Imagine others complexly. John Green, Paper Towns 
 If you wake up tired, youve been chasing dreams. If you go to bed tired, your making your dreams happen. Benny Bellamacina, The King of Rhyme 
 YOU are the big drop of dew under the lotus leaf, I am the smaller one on its upper side,said the dewdrop to the lake. Rabindranath Tagore
 Everything is good as it comes from the hands of the Maker of the world, but degenerates once it gets into the hands of man Jean-Jacques Rousseau
 Change is not always growth, but growth is often rooted in change.Drizzt DoUrden R.A. Salvatore
 What I have done is to show that it is possible for the way the universe began to be determined by the laws of science. In that case, it would not be necessary to appeal to God to decide how the universe began. This doesnt prove that there is no God, only that God is not necessary. Stephen Hawking
 Nothing is as it seems, but something is everything it is made out to be. Carroll Bryant
 How could they see anything but the shadows if they were never allowed to move their heads? Plato, The Allegory of the Cave 
 To be an outlaw you must first have a base in law to reject and get out of, I never had such a base. I never had a place I could call home that meant any more than a key to a house, apartment or hotel room. Am I alien? Alien from what exactly? Perhaps my home is my dream city, more real than my waking life precisely because it has no relation to waking life William S. Burroughs
 My heart knows what my mind only think it knows. Noah Benshea, Jacob the Baker: Gentle Wisdom For a Complicated World 
 Those who are wise wont be busy, and those who are too busy cant be wise. Lin Yutang, The Importance of Living 
 A photograph shouldnt be just a picture, it should be a philosophy. Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words 
 Pactum serva - Keep the faith Horace
 No man was ever yet a great poet, without at the same time being a profound philosopher. Samuel Taylor Coleridge
 Time deals gently only with those who take it gently. Anatole France, The Crime of Sylvestre Bonnard 
 Only by examining our personal biases can we truly grow as artists only by cultivating empathy can we truly grow as people. Jen Knox, After the Gazebo 
 We cant avoid reasoning we can only avoid doing it well. Peter Kreeft, Pocket Handbook of Christian Apologetics 
 I had to philosophize. Otherwise, I could not live in this world. Edmund Husserl
 The love of money is the root of all evil, therefore selfishness must be the seed. M.D. Birmingham
 There is your truth and there is my truth. As for the universal truth, it does not exist. Amish Tripathi
 Let whoever can do so deceive me, he will never bring it about that I am nothing, so long as I continue to think I am something. Ren Descartes
 All things of the body stream away like a river, all things of the mind are dreams and delusion life is warfare, and a visit to a strange land the only lasting fame is oblivion. Marcus Aurelius, Meditations 
 Know you not that a good man does nothing for appearance sake, but for the sake of having done right? Epictetus
 You cant just skip the boring parts.Of course I can skip the boring parts.How do you know theyre boring if you dont read them?I can tell.Then you cant say youve read the whole play.I think I can live a happy life, Meryl Lee, even if I dont read the boring parts of The Tragedy of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark.Who knows? she said. Maybe you cant. Gary D. Schmidt, The Wednesday Wars 
 The only moral it is possible to draw from this story is that one should never throw the Q letter into a privet bush, but unfortunately there are times when it is unavoidable. Douglas Adams, The Restaurant at the End of the Universe 
 Musical training is a more potent instrument than any other, because rhythm and harmony find their way into the inward places of the soul. Plato, The Republic 
 For the survivor who chooses to testify, it is clear: his duty is to bear witness for the dead and for the living. He has no right to deprive future generations of a past that belongs to our collective memory. To forget would be not only dangerous but offensive to forget the dead would be akin to killing them a second time. Elie Wiesel, Night 
 I remember growing up, saying youre an artist it sounds pretentious but now its one of the only dignified things that you can call yourself. Marilyn Manson
 The point of modernity is to live a life without illusions while not becoming disillusioned Antonio Gramsci
 To be a philosopher is not merely to have subtle thoughts, nor even to found a school, but so to love wisdom as to live according to its dictates, a life of simplicity, independence, magnanimity and trust. Henry David Thoreau
 There is no justice in the laws of nature, no term for fairness in the equations of motion. The Universe is neither evil, nor good, it simply does not care. The stars dont care, or the Sun, or the sky. But they dont have to! WE care! There IS light in the world, and it is US! Eliezer Yudkowsky, Harry Potter and the Methods of Rationality 
 Thoughts become things. If you see it in your mind, you will hold it in your hand. Bob Proctor, You Were Born Rich 
 If you dont want anyone to know about your existence, you might as well kill yourself. Youre taking up space, air. Dave Eggers, A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius 
 I do not think that tragedy is our natural fate and I do not live in chronic dread of disaster. It is no happiness, but suffering that I consider unnatural. It is not success, but calamity that I regard as the abnormal exception in Human Life. Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged 
 You become mature when you become the authority of your own life. Joseph Campbell, A Joseph Campbell Companion: Reflections on the Art of Living 
 The discovery of what is true and the practice of that which is good are the two most important aims of philosophy. Voltaire
 Ive often thought that there isnt any I at all that we are simply the means of expression of something else that when we think we are ourselves, we are simply the victims of a delusion. Aleister Crowley, Diary of a Drug Fiend 
 What then is truth? A movable host of metaphors, metonymies, and anthropomorphisms: in short, a sum of human relations which have been poetically and rhetorically intensified, transferred, and embellished, and which, after long usage, seem to a people to be fixed, canonical, and binding. Truths are illusions which we have forgotten are illusions they are metaphors that have become worn out and have been drained of sensuous force. Friedrich Nietzsche
 All things one has forgotten scream for help in dreams. Elias Canetti
 Although you may not stumble across a Martian in the garden, you might stumble across yourself. The day that happens, youll probably also scream a little. And thatll be perfectly all right, because its not every day you realize youre a living planet dweller on a little island in the universe. Jostein Gaarder, The Solitaire Mystery 
 Everybody knows that Aristotelian two-value logic is fucked. Philip K. Dick, VALIS 
 Whole life is a search for beauty. But, when the beauty is found inside, the search ends and a beautiful journey begins. Harshit Walia
 if you want it really, you get it !!! Ravinder Singh
 Life... is a paradise to what we fear of death. William Shakespeare, Measure for Measure 
 It is a self-deception of philosophers and moralists to imagine that they escape decadence by opposing it. That is beyond their will and, however little they acknowledge it, one later discovers that they were among the most powerful promoters of decadence. Friedrich Nietzsche, The Will to Power 
 Sin sorpresas, aunque sean disagredables, nadie estaria dispuesto a vivir. David Olguin
 If we wish to draw philosophical conclusions about our own existence, our significance, and the significance of the universe itself, our conclusions should be based on empirical knowledge. A truly open mind means forcing our imaginations to conform to the evidence of reality, and not vice versa, whether or not we like the implications. Lawrence M. Krauss, A Universe from Nothing: Why There Is Something Rather Than Nothing 
 Do you see the slightest evidence anywhere in the universe that creation came to an end with the birth of man? Do you see the slightest evidence anywhere out there that man was the climax toward which creation had been straining from the beginning? ...Very far from it. The universe went on as before, the planet went on as before. Mans appearance caused no more stir than the appearance of jellyfish. Daniel Quinn, Ishmael:A Novel 
 A Paradox, the doughnut hole. Empty space, once, but now theyve learned to market even that. A minus quantity nothing, rendered edible. I wondered if they might be used-metaphorically, of course-to demonstrate the existence of God. Does naming a sphere of nothingness transmute it into being? Margaret Atwood, Der blinde Mrder 
 Cram them full of non-combustible data, chock them so damned full of facts they feel stuffed, but absolutely brilliant with information. Then theyll feel theyre thinking, theyll get a sense of motion without moving. And theyll be happy, because facts of that sort dont change. Dont give them any slippery stuff like philosophy or sociology to tie things up with. That way lies melancholy. Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451 
 Philosophy is the highest music. Plato
 I used to think I knew what was right and what was wrong, and who the good guys are, and who the bad guys are. Then the world got very gray, and I didnt know anything for a long time Laurell K. Hamilton, Incubus Dreams 
 Generally speaking, the errors in religion are dangerous those in philosophy only ridiculous. David Hume, A Treatise of Human Nature 
 If you cant fight and you cant flee, flow. Robert Elias
 Do not ruin today with mourning tomorrow. Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Circumnavigated Fairyland in a Ship of Her Own Making 
 All men by nature desire knowledge. Aristotle, On Man in the Universe 
 Each star is a mirror reflecting the truth inside you. Aberjhani, Journey through the Power of the Rainbow: Quotations from a Life Made Out of Poetry 
 ...an optimistic mind-set finds dozens of possible solutions for every problem that the pessimist regards as incurable. Robert Anton Wilson, Cosmic Trigger: Die letzten Geheimnisse der Illuminaten oder An den Grenzen des erweiterten Bewusstseins 
 All the worlds a stage. William Shakespeare, As You Like It 
 We join spokes together in a wheel, but it is the center hole that makes the wagon move.We shape clay into a pot, but it is the emptiness insidethat holds whatever we want.We hammer wood for a house, but it is the inner spacethat makes it livable.We work with being, but non-being is what we use. Lao Tzu
 Truth would quickly cease to be stranger than fiction, once we got as used to it. H.L. Mencken, A Little Book in C Major 
 Beloved, let us love one another, because love is from God everyone one who loves is born of God and knows God. Whoever does not love does not know God, for God is love. Anonymous, The New Testament 
 To be alone is to be different, to be different is to be alone. Suzanne Gordon
 I would prefer a sword to fight duel, but a pen to plan a war. Robert Thier, Storm and Silence 
 Dreams have only one owner at a time. Thats why dreamers are lonely. Erma Bombeck
 If a man has character, he has also his typical experience, which always recurs. Friedrich Nietzsche
 I have made a ceaseless effort not to ridicule, not to bewail, not to scorn human actions, but to understand them. Baruch Spinoza
 ...only in the surrender of the light could the darkness prevail. David Eddings, King of the Murgos 
 Things are not always what they seem the first appearance deceives many the intelligence of a few perceives what has been carefully hidden. Phaedrus
 Some people insist that mediocre is better than best. They delight in clipping wings because they themselves cant fly. They despise brains because they have none. Robert A. Heinlein, Have Space SuitWill Travel 
 All the times I have suddenly realized that my parents are dead, even now, it still surprises me, to exist in the world while that which made me has ceased to exist. Nicole Krauss, The History of Love 
 There is nothing more unequal than the equal treatment of unequal people. Thomas Jefferson
 No passion is stronger in the breast of a man than the desire to make others believe as he believes. Nothing so cuts at the root of his happiness and fills him with rage as the sense that another rates low what he prizes high. Virginia Woolf, Orlando 
 The primary thing when you take a sword in your hands is your intention to cut the enemy, whatever the means. Whenever you parry, hit, spring, strike or touch the enemys cutting sword, you must cut the enemy in the same movement. It is essential to attain this. If you think only of hitting, springing, striking or touching the enemy, you will not be able actually to cut him. Miyamoto Musashi, The Book of Five Rings 
 Why are there beings at all, instead of Nothing? Martin Heidegger, Introduction to Metaphysics 
 Philosophy can make people sick. Aristotle, Nicomachean Ethics 
 Until we have begun to go without them, we fail to realize how unnecessary many things are. Weve been using them not because we needed them but because we had them. Seneca, Letters from a Stoic 
 What sort of philosophers are we, who know absolutely nothing of the origin and destiny of cats? Henry David Thoreau, Thoreau Journal 9 
 A philosopher knows that in reality he knows very little. That is why he constantly strives to achieve true insight. Socrates was one of these rare people. He knew that he knew nothing about life and about the world. And now comes the important part: it troubled him that he knew so little. Jostein Gaarder, Sophies World 
 I can accept anything, except what seems to be the easiest for most people: the half-way, the almost, the just-about, the in-between. Ayn Rand
 Who is wise? He that learns from everyone. Who is powerful? He that governs his passions. Who is rich? He that is content. Who is that? Nobody. Benjamin Franklin
 Eccentricity is not, as some would believe, a form of madness. It is often a kind of innocent pride, and the man of genius and the aristocrat are frequently regarded as eccentrics because genius and aristocrat are entirely unafraid of and uninfluenced by the opinions and vagaries of the crowd. Edith Sitwell
 Never say that I have taken it, only that I have given it back. Epicurus
 It takes too much energy to be against something unless its really important. Madeleine LEngle
 To those human beings who are of any concern to me I wish suffering, desolation, sickness, ill-treatment, indignitiesI wish that they should not remain unfamiliar with profound self-contempt, the torture of self-mistrust, the wretchedness of the vanquished: I have no pity for them, because I wish them the only thing that can prove today whether one is worth anything or notthat one endures. Friedrich Nietzsche, The Will to Power 
 It was time to take the pumpkin out of the pot and eat it. In the final analysis, that was what solved these big problems of life. You could think and think and get nowhere, but you still had to eat your pumpkin. That brought you down to earth. That gave you a reason for going on. Pumpkin. Alexander McCall Smith, The No. 1 Ladies Detective Agency 
 We sinned for no reason but an incomprehensible lack of love, and He saved us for no reason but an incomprehensible excess of love. Peter Kreeft, Jesus-Shock 
 Men ought either to be well treated or crushed, because they can avenge themselves of lighter injuries, of more serious ones they cannot therefore the injury that is to be done to a man ought to be of such a kind that one does not stand in fear of revenge. Niccol Machiavelli, The Prince 
 I discovered that it is necessary, absolutely necessary, to believe in nothing. That is, we have to believe in something which has no form and no color--something which exists before all forms and colors appear... No matter what god or doctrine you believe in, if you become attached to it, your belief will be based more or less on a self-centered idea. Shunryu Suzuki
 Almost everything that distinguishes the modern world from earlier centuries is attibutable to science, which achieved its most spectacular triumphs in the seventeenth century. Bertrand Russell, A History of Western Philosophy 
 People ought to fight to keep their law as to defend the citys walls. Heraclitus, Fragments 
 In the end mortals always expired before faeries. They were such finite creatures. Their first heartbeat and breath were but a blink from death. To add the weight of nourishing his insatiable court in a time of peace was to hasten that unconscionably. Melissa Marr, Ink Exchange 
 In practice people who study philosophy too long become very odd birds, not to say thoroughly vicious while even those who are the best of them are reduced by...philosophy to complete uselessness as members of society. Plato, Republic: The Theatre of the Mind 
 How can a society that exists on instant mashed potatoes, packaged cake mixes, frozen dinners, and instant cameras teach patience to its young? Paul Sweeney
 Do you shovel to survive, or survive to shovel? Kb Abe, The Woman in the Dunes 
 Is there any knowledge in the world which is so certain that no reasonable man could doubt it? Bertrand Russell, The Problems of Philosophy 
 Going green doesnt start with doing green acts it starts with a shift in consciousness. This shift allows you to recognize that with every choice you make, you are voting either for or against the kind of world you wish to see. When you assume this as a way of being, your choices become easier. Using a reusable water bottle, recycling and making conscious daily consumer choices are just a few Ian Somerhalder
 The square root of I is I. Vladimir Nabokov, Bend Sinister 
 To live is not to breathe but to act. It is to make use of our organs, our senses, our faculties, of all the parts of ourselves which give us the sentiment of our existence. The man who has lived the most is not he who has counted the most years but he who has most felt life. Jean-Jacques Rousseau, Emile or On Education 
 The best ideas are common property Seneca
 There is something fascinating about science. One gets such wholesale returns of conjecture out of such a trifling investment of fact. Mark Twain, Life on the Mississippi 
 All are one Heraclitus
 I knew I was alone in a way that no earthling has ever been before. Michael Collins
 Contentment is natural wealth, luxury is artificial poverty. Socrates, Essential Thinkers - Socrates 
 Do you know what punishments Ive endured for my crimes, my sins? None. I am proof of the absurdity of mens most treasured abstractions. A just universe wouldnt tolerate my existence. Brent Weeks, The Way of Shadows 
 Everything is relative in this world, where change alone endures. Leon Trotsky
 If youre gonna burn a bridge behind you, make sure youve crossed it first. Quentin R. Bufogle
 This inhuman place makes human monsters. Stephen King, The Shining 
 I take no pride in hopeless longing I wouldnt hold a stillborn aspiration. Id want to have it, to make it, to live it. Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged 
 Plato was a bore. Friedrich Nietzsche
 Reason is, and ought only to be the slave of the passions. David Hume
 A prison becomes a home when you have the key. George Sterling
 To ridicule philosophy is really to philosophize. Blaise Pascal
 ...reality is always plural and mutable. Robert Anton Wilson, Cosmic Trigger Volume I: Final Secret of the Illuminati 
 People should decide on the books meanings for themselves. Theyll find a story that attacks such things as cruelty, oppression, intolerance, unkindness, narrow-mindedness, and celebrates love, kindness, open-mindedness, tolerance, curiosity, human intelligence. Philip Pullman, His Dark Materials Trilogy: The Golden Compass The Subtle Knife The Amber Spyglass 
 Comedy aims at representing men as worse, Tragedy as better than in actual life. Aristotle, Poetics 
 Show me that I m everywhere and get me home for tea. George Harrison
 Too many people get credit for being good, when they are only being passive. They are too often praised for being broadminded when they are so broadminded they can never make up their minds about anything. Fulton J. Sheen
 Truth is neither ojectivity nor the balanced view truth is a selfless subjectivity. Knut Hamsun, Hunger 
 Between living and dreaming there is a third thing. Guess it. Antonio Machado
 When you draw something it lives and when you photograph it it dies John Fowles, The Collector 
 If you live today, you breath in nihilism ... its the gas you breathe. If I hadnt had the Church to fight it with or to tell me the necessity of fighting it, I would be the stinkingest logical positivist you ever saw right now. Flannery OConnor
 A student, filled with emotion and crying, implored, Why is there so much suffering?Suzuki Roshi replied, No reason. Shunryu Suzuki, Zen Is Right Here: Teaching Stories and Anecdotes of Shunryu Suzuki, Author of ZEN Mind, Beginners Mind 
 Things always become obvious after the fact Nassim Nicholas Taleb
 The shame of being a man - is there any better reason to write? Gilles Deleuze
 A child who does not think about what happens around him and is content with living without wondering whether he lives honestly is like a man who lives from a scoundrels work and is on the road to being a scoundrel. Jos Mart
 You know how the tightrope guy at the circus wants everyone to believe his act is an art, but deep down you can see that hes really just hoping he makes it all the way across? Jodi Picoult, My Sisters Keeper 
 Love is our most unifying and empowering common spiritual denominator. The more we ignore its potential to bring greater balance and deeper meaning to human existence, the more likely we are to continue to define history as one long inglorious record of mans inhumanity to man. Aberjhani, Journey through the Power of the Rainbow: Quotations from a Life Made Out of Poetry 
 Lhomme est libre au moment quil veut ltre. Voltaire
 Governments, if they endure, always tend increasingly toward aristocratic forms. No government in history has been known to evade this pattern. And as the aristocracy develops, government tends more and more to act exclusively in the interests of the ruling class -- whether that class be hereditary royalty, oligarchs of financial empires, or entrenched bureaucracy. Frank Herbert, Children of Dune 
 The pre-Socratic Greek philosopher Parmenides taught that the only things that are real are things which never change... and the pre-Socratic Greek philosopher Heraclitus taught that everything changes. If you superimpose their two views, you get this result: Nothing is real. Philip K. Dick
 A bird is safe in its nest - but that is not what its wings are made for. Amit Ray, World Peace: The Voice of a Mountain Bird 
 Philosophy is common sense with big words. James Madison
 Our lives are part of a unique adventure... Nevertheless, most of us think the world is normal and are constantly hunting for something abnormal--like angels or Martians. But that is just because we dont realize the world is a mystery. As for myself, I felt completely different. I saw the world as an amazing dream. I was hunting for some kind of explanation of how everything fit together. Jostein Gaarder, The Solitaire Mystery 
 I hope it is not necessary for me to stress the platonic nature of our relationship- not platonic in the purest sense, there was no philosophical discourse, but we certainly didnt fuck, which is usually what people mean by platonic which I bet would really piss Plato off, that for all his thinking and chatting his name has become an adjective for describing sexless trysts. Russell Brand, My Booky Wook 
 We grown-up people think that we appreciate music, but if we realized the sense that an infant has brought with it of appreciating sound and rhythm, we would never boast of knowing music. The infant is music itself. Hazrat Inayat Khan
 Philosophy cannot be taught it is the application of the sciences to truth. Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo 
 Wisdom is the oneness of mind that guides and permeates all things. Heraclitus, Fragments 
 We look for the Secret - the Philosophers Stone, the Elixir of the Wise, Supreme Enlightenment, God or whatever...and all the time it is carrying us about...It is the human nervous system itself. Robert Anton Wilson, Cosmic Trigger Volume I: Final Secret of the Illuminati 
 How small a thought it takes to fill a life. Ludwig Wittgenstein
 Of course there is no formula for success, except perhaps an unconditional acceptance of life, and what it brings Arthur Rubinstein
 Despair is the price one pays for setting oneself an impossible aim. It is, one is told, the unforgivable sin, but it is a sin the corrupt or evil man never practices. He always has hope. He never reaches the freezing-point of knowing absolute failure. Only the man of goodwill carries always in his heart this capacity for damnation. Graham Greene
 Everything we see hides another thing, we always want to see what is hidden by what we see, but it is impossible. Humans hide their secrets too well.... Ren Magritte
 False words are not only evil in themselves, but they infect the soul with evil. Plato
 The premise of the Taker story is the world belongs to man. The premise of the Leaver story is man belongs to the world. Daniel Quinn, Ishmael:A Novel 
 The truth always carries the ambiguity of the words used to express it. Frank Herbert, God Emperor of Dune 
 Mankind flung its advance agents ever outward, ever outward. Eventually it flung them out into space, into the colorless, tasteless, weightless sea of outwardness without end. It flung them like stones. Kurt Vonnegut Jr., The Sirens of Titan 
 Love is not a relationship, love is a state of being it has nothing to do with anybody else. One is not in love, one is love. And of course when one is love, one is in love but that is an outcome, a by-product, that is not the source. The source is that one is love. Osho
 A few years ago it dawned on me that everybody past a certain age ... pretty much constantly dreams of being able to escape from their lives. They dont want to be who they are any more. They want out. This list includes Thurston Howell the Third, Ann-Margret, the cat members of Rent, Vclav Havel, space shuttle astronauts and Snuffleupagus. Its universal. Douglas Coupland, The Gum Thief 
 We become so absorbed in our flaws and faults that we forget that it is better to be a diamond with a flaw than a pebble without. To have flaws is beauty in itself, a fact so frightening that we hurry to hide them from sight and tarnish the whole in the process of comparing ourselves to others. Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love 
 My advice to you is get married: if you find a good wife youll be happy if not, youll become a philosopher. Socrates
 Good-humor is a philosophic state of mind it seems to say to Nature that we take her no more seriously than she takes us. I maintain that one should always talk of philosophy with a smile. William James, The Varieties of Religious Experience 
 The thoughts of all men arise from the darkness. If you are the movement of your soul, and the cause of that movement precedes you, then how could you ever call your thoughts your own? How could you be anything other than a slave to the darkness that comes before? R. Scott Bakker, The Darkness That Comes Before 
 It is not that I am mad, it is only that my head is different from yours. Diogenes of Sinope
 Those who are without compassion cannot see what is seen with the eyes of compassion. Thich Nhat Hanh, The Miracle of Mindfulness: An Introduction to the Practice of Meditation 
 Few if any seemed to have grasped the Principle of Reality new knowledge leads always to yet more awesome mysteries. Greater physiological knowledge of the brain makes the existence of the soul less possible yet more probable by the nature of the search. Stephen King, The Gunslinger 
 In politics we presume that everyone who knows how to get votes knows how to administer a city or a state. When we are ill... we do not ask for the handsomest physician, or the most eloquent one. Plato
 Despair is typical of those who do not understand the causes of evil, see no way out, and are incapable of struggle. Vladimir Lenin
 When you come to the edge of all that you know, you must believe one of two things: either there will be ground to stand on, or you will be given wings to fly. O.R. Melling, The Summer King 
 The map is not the territory. Alfred Korzybski
 Un-winged and naked, sorrow surrenders its crown to a throne called grace. Aberjhani, The River of Winged Dreams 
 Whoever cannot seek the unforeseen sees nothing for the known way is an impasse. Heraclitus, Fragments 
 Everyone is the other and no one is himself. Martin Heidegger, Being and Time 
 Philosophy is really nostalgia, the desire to be at home. Novalis
 You asked me how to get out of the finite dimensions when I feel like it. I certainly dont use logic when I do it. Logics the first thing you have to get rid of. J.D. Salinger, Nine Stories 
 Too lazy to be ambitious,I let the world take care of itself.Ten days worth of rice in my baga bundle of twigs by the fireplace.Why chatter about delusion and enlightenment?Listening to the night rain on my roof,I sit comfortably, with both legs stretched out. Rykan
 If someone can prove me wrong and show me my mistake in any thought or action, I shall gladly change. I seek the truth, which never harmed anyone: the harm is to persist in ones own self-deception and ignorance. Marcus Aurelius, Meditations 
 Nothing important is learned it is simply remembered. Carlos Ruiz Zafn, The Angels Game 
 Whatever one man does, it is as if all men did it. For that reason, it is not unfair that one disobedience in a garden should contaminate all humanity for that reason it is not unjust that the crucifixion of a single Jew should be sufficient to save it. Jorge Luis Borges, Labyrinths: Selected Stories and Other Writings 
 Hope does not leave without being given permission. Rick Riordan
 The worlds a puzzle no need to make sense out of it. - Socrates Dan Millman, Way of the Peaceful Warrior: A Book That Changes Lives 
 Theres only one day at a time here, then its tonight and then tomorrow will be today again. Bob Dylan, Chronicles, Vol. 1 
 Yet the ivory gods, And the ebony gods, And the gods of diamond-jade, Are only silly puppet gods That people themselves Have made.- Langston Hughes
 No lake so still but it has its wave.No circle so perfect but that it has its blur.I would change things for you if I could As I cant you must take them as they are. Confucius
 We are the sum of all people we have ever met you change the tribe and the tribe changes you. Dirk Wittenborn, Fierce People 
 Remember your humanity, and forget the rest. Bertrand Russell
 For your past, for your flaws, and ultimately for your stress I judge no one whom Ive met along the way because in a sense we were all wounded in our own ways. Forrest Curran
 As I naturally go through a full range of emotions in my life, I mustnt feel ashamed for feeling lost, for it is honest and human to feel such. Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love 
 Some we proudly display on our arms, while others we shyly conceal. Tattoo the moments of sorrow as well as the moments of splendor and beauty. Tattoo in an acknowledgment and tribute to home, and tattooing your beliefs that define who you are. Whether we intended to or not, every moment of our lives are tattooed to our heart. Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love 
 One day in my shoes and a day for me in your shoes, the beauty of travel lies in the ease and willingness to be more open. Forrest Curran
 Many of our most serious conflicts are conflicts within ourselves. Those who suppose their judgements are always consistent are unreflective or dogmatic. John Rawls, Justice as Fairness: A Restatement 
 I think, therefore Ill think. Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged 
 What a waste my life would be without all the beautiful mistakes Ive made. Alice Bag, Violence Girl: East L.A. Rage to Hollywood Stage, a Chicana Punk Story 
 I do not know how to teach philosophy without becoming a disturber of the peace. Baruch Spinoza
 All paths are present, always... and we can but choose among them. Jacqueline Carey, Kushiels Chosen 
 There is nothing more notable in Socrates than that he found time, when he was an old man, to learn music and dancing, and thought it time well spent. Michel de Montaigne, The Complete Essays 
 Freedom is the only worthy goal in life. It is won by disregarding things that lie beyond our control. Epictetus
 The state is that great fiction by which everyone tries to live at the expense of everyone else. Frdric Bastiat
 Maybe sometimes we dont do the right thing because the wrong thing looks more dangerous, and we dont want to look scared, so we go and do the wrong thing just because its dangerous. Were more concerned with not looking scared than with judging right. Philip Pullman, The Amber Spyglass 
 I am one thing, my writings are another. Friedrich Nietzsche
 If you have reasons to love someone, you dont love them. Slavoj iek
 I know that the molecules in my body are traceable to phenomena in the cosmos. That makes me want to grab people on the street and say: Have you HEARD THIS? Neil deGrasse Tyson
 All great things must first wear terrifying and monstrous masks in order to inscribe themselves on the hearts of humanity. Friedrich Nietzsche
 Jokes of the proper kind, properly told, can do more to enlighten questions of politics, philosophy, and literature than any number of dull arguments. Isaac Asimov
 I am sitting with a philosopher in the garden he says again and again I know that thats a tree, pointing to a tree that is near us. Someone else arrives and hears this, and I tell him: This fellow isnt insane. We are only doing philosophy. Ludwig Wittgenstein, On Certainty 
 Faith in faith he answered himself. It isnt necessary to have something to believe in. Its only necessary to believe that somewhere theres something worthy of belief. Alfred Bester, The Stars My Destination 
 Leave the door open for the unknown, the door into the dark. Thats where the most important things come from, where you yourself came from, and where you will go. Rebecca Solnit, A Field Guide to Getting Lost 
 The treacherous are ever distrustful. J.R.R. Tolkien, The Two Towers 
 Maybe thats it, ... with what you were talking about before. The world being broken. Maybe it isnt that were supposed to find the pieces and put them back together. Maybe were the pieces. ... Maybe ... what were supposed to do is come together. Thats how we stop the breaking. David Levithan, Nick & Norahs Infinite Playlist 
 The wealth required by nature is limited and is easy to procure but the wealth required by vain ideals extends to infinity. Epicurus
 To learn is not to know there are the learners and the learned. Memory makes the one, philosophy the others. Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo 
 A prudent man should always follow in the path trodden by great men and imitate those who are most excellent, so that if he does not attain to their greatness, at any rate he will get some tinge of it. Niccol Machiavelli, The Prince 
 Death twitches my earLive, he says... Im coming. Virgil
 it is all very well for you to write simply and the simpler the better. But do not start to think so damned simply. Know how complicated it is and then state it simply. Ernest Hemingway
 Nothing in the world is permanent, and were foolish when we ask anything to last, but surely were still more foolish not to take delight in it while we have it. If change is of the essence of existence one would have thought it only sensible to make it the premise of our philosophy. W. Somerset Maugham, The Razors Edge 
 Beauty is not who you are on the outside, it is the wisdom and time you gave away to save another struggling soul like you. Shannon L. Alder
 Il ny a de ralit que dans laction.(There is no reality except in action.) Jean-Paul Sartre, Existentialism Is a Humanism 
 Anything youre good at contributes to happiness. Bertrand Russell
 The only safe thing is to take a chance. Elaine May
 The man who alters his way of thinking to suit others is a fool. Marquis de Sade, Justine, Philosophy in the Bedroom, and Other Writings 
 Rockabye Baby, in the treetopDont you know a treetopis no safe place to rock?And who put you up there,and your cradle too?Baby,I think someone down herehas got it in for you! Shel Silverstein
 Philosophers are people who know less and less about more and more, until they know nothing about everything. Scientists are people who know more and more about less and less, until they know everything about nothing. Konrad Lorenz
 We feel most alive when we are closest to death. Nenia Campbell, Terrorscape 
 There is something infantile in the presumption that somebody else has a responsibility to give your life meaning and point The truly adult view, by contrast, is that our life is as meaningful, as full and as wonderful as we choose to make it. R. Dawkins, The Blind Watchmaker 
 Let mental culture go on advancing, let the natural sciences progress in even greater extent and depth, and the human mind widen itself as much as it desires: beyond the elevation and moral culture of Christianity, as it shines forth in the Gospels, it will not go. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
 Whenever I think of something but cant think of what it was I was thinking of, I cant stop thinking until I think Im thinking of it again. I think I think too much. Criss Jami, Killosophy 
 And although I have seen nothing but black crows in my life, it doesnt mean that theres no such thing as a white crow. Both for a philosopher and for a scientist it can be important not to reject the possibility of finding a white crow. You might almost say that hunting for the white crow is sciences principal task. Jostein Gaarder, Sophies World 
 To assess the quality of thoughts of people, dont listen to their words, but watch their actions. Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words 
 He who is more mindful of one, loses the love and the faith of both. Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet 
 Thoughts without content are empty, intuitions without concepts are blind. Immanuel Kant, Critique of Pure Reason 
 Dont fear the gods,Dont worry about deathWhat is good is easy to get, andWhat is terrible is easy to endure. Epicurus, The Epicurus Reader: Selected Writings and Testimonia 
 Youre captives of a civilizational system that more or less compels you to go on destroying the world in order to live. You are captivesand you have made a captive of the world itself. Thats whats at stake, isnt it?your captivity and the captivity of the world. Daniel Quinn, Ishmael:A Novel 
 I strive for perfection - I settle for satisfaction Carroll Bryant
 , 
 The stronger a culture, the less it fears the radical fringe. The more paranoid and precarious a culture, the less tolerance it offers. Joel Salatin, Everything I Want to Do Is Illegal: War Stories from the Local Food Front 
 .. , 
 Freedom is obedience to self-formulated rules. Aristotle, The Nicomachean Ethics 
 Were we incapable of empathy of putting ourselves in the position of others and seeing that their suffering is like our own then ethical reasoning would lead nowhere. If emotion without reason is blind, then reason without emotion is impotent. Peter Singer, Writings on an Ethical Life 
 Out of love for mankind, and out of despair at my embarrassing situation, seeing that I had accomplished nothing and was unable to make anything easier than it had already been made, and moved by a genuine interest in those who make everything easy, I conceived it as my task to create difficulties everywhere. Sren Kierkegaard
 Act only according to that maxim whereby you can at the same time will that it should become a universal law. Immanuel Kant
 The first and most important thing an individual can do is to become an individual again, decontrol himself, train himself as to what is going on and win back as much independent ground for himself as possible William S. Burroughs
 Thats not a bad word...hate and war are bad words, but fuck isnt. Judy Blume, Forever . . . 
 The more you struggle to live, the less you live. Give up the notion that you must be sure of what you are doing. Instead, surrender to what is real within you, for that alone is sure....you are above everything distressing. Baruch Spinoza
 If a thing is worth doing, it is worth doing badly. G.K. Chesterton
 Time is what keeps things from happening all at once. Ann Brashares, The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants 
 To be evenminded is the greatest virtue.Wisdom is to speakthe truth and actin keeping with its nature. Heraclitus, Fragments 
 It is too difficult to think nobly when one thinks only of earning a living. Jean-Jacques Rousseau, Confessions 
 ...when dogma enters the brain, all intellectual activity ceases. Robert Anton Wilson, Cosmic Trigger Volume I: Final Secret of the Illuminati 
 I imagine that the intelligent people are the ones so intelligent that they dont even need or want to look intelligent anymore. Criss Jami, Killosophy 
 There isnt always an explanation for everything. Ernest Hemingway, A Farewell to Arms 
 The only thing standing between you and your dreams is ... reluctance. Carroll Bryant
 Misunderstanding is my cornerstone. Its everyones, come to think of it. Illusions mistaken for truth are the pavement under our feet. Barbara Kingsolver, The Poisonwood Bible 
 It doesnt seem to me that this fantastically marvelous universe, this tremendous range of time and space and different kinds of animals, and all the different planets, and all these atoms with all their motions, and so on, all this complicated thing can merely be a stage so that God can watch human beings struggle for good and evil - which is the view that religion has. The stage is too big for the drama. Richard Feynman
 Any war that requires the suspension of reason as a necessity for support is a bad war. Norman Mailer
 If an angelic being fell from the sky and tried to live in this world of ours I think even they would commit many wrongs. Sui Ishida
 If your life is worth thinking about,it is worth writing about. Robin S. Sharma
 Experience has shown, and a true philosophy will always show, that a vast, perhaps the larger, portion of truth arises from the seemingly irrelevant. Edgar Allan Poe, The Mystery of Marie Rogt 
 All sciences are vain and full of errors that are not born of Experience, the mother of all Knowledge. Leonardo da Vinci, Leonardos Notebooks 
 Cats dont need to be possessed theyre evil on their own. Peter Kreeft
 I desire to live in peace and to continue the life I have begun under the motto to live well you must live unseen Ren Descartes, The Principles of Philosophy 
 Were built of contradictions, all of us. Its those opposing forces that give us strength, like an arch, each block pressing the next. Give me a man whose parts are all aligned in agreement and Ill show you madness. We walk a narrow path, insanity to each side. A man without contradictions to balance him will soon veer off. Mark Lawrence, King of Thorns 
 Im looking into my past lives. Im convinced some of them still owe me money. Graham Parke, Unspent Time 
 The trouble was that he was talking in philosophy but they were listening in gibberish. Terry Pratchett, Small Gods 
 The philosopher Diogenes was eating bread and lentils for supper. He was seen by the philosopher Aristippus, who lived comfortably by flattering the king. Said Aristippus, If you would learn to be subservient to the king you would not have to live on lentils.Said author:Diogenes3213618, Learn to live on lentils and you will not have to be subservient to the king. Anthony de Mello
 I only know that I know nothing Socrates
 Whoever will be free must make himself free. Freedom is no fairy gift to fall into a mans lap. What is freedom? To have the will to be responsible for ones self. Max Stirner
 Not how the world is, but that it is, is the mystery. Ludwig Wittgenstein
 Returning home is the most difficult part of long-distance hiking You have grown outside the puzzle and your piece no longer fits. Cindy Ross
 You say, its dark. And in truth, I did place a cloud before your sun. But do you not see how the edges of the cloud are already glowing and turning light. Friedrich Nietzsche
 The life of the enemy . Whoever lives for the sake of combating an enemy has an interest in the enemys staying alive. Friedrich Nietzsche
 Whether you take the doughnut hole as a blank space or as an entity unto itself is a purely metaphysical question and does not affect the taste of the doughnut one bit. Haruki Murakami, A Wild Sheep Chase 
 Im not superstitious. Im a witch. Witches arent superstitious. We are what people are superstitious of. Terry Pratchett, Wintersmith 
 Mother used to say that however miserable one is, theres always something to be thankful for. And each morning, when the sky brightened and light began to flood my cell, I agreed with her. Albert Camus, The Stranger 
 The opposite of love is not hate, its indifference. Elie Wiesel
 Calvin:It says here that religion is the opiate of the masses....what do you suppose that means?Television: ...it means that Karl Marx hadnt seen anything yet Bill Watterson, Calvin and Hobbes: Sunday Pages 1985-1995: An Exhibition Catalogue 
 This is the secret of life: the self lives only by dying, finds its identity (and its happiness) only by self-forgetfulness, self-giving, self-sacrifice, and agape love. Peter Kreeft, Jesus-Shock 
 Philosophy when superficially studied, excites doubt, when thoroughly explored, it dispels it. Francis Bacon
 Ive always hated the Who are you? question. This is a philosophical inquiry. Answering that question is why were on earth. You cant answer it in thirty seconds or in an elevator. Sandy Nathan, Numenon 
 A prince must not have any other object nor any other thought but war, its institutions, and its discipline because that is the only art befitting one who commands. Niccol Machiavelli, The Prince 
 If youre not happy in life then you need to change, calibrate, readjust...flush your negative energy and fill it with positive energy How do we do that you might ask? well I would start by making others happy, deseases are not the only thing that spreads easy. We are all connected in some form of unseen energy... think how those around you will impact you and make you feel if they were happy? Al Munoz
 Remember, it is not enough to be hit or insulted to be harmed, you must believe that you are being harmed. If someone succeeds in provoking you, realize that your mind is complicit in the provocation. Which is why it is essential that we not respond impulsively to impressions take a moment before reacting, and you will find it easier to maintain control. Epictetus, The Art of Living: The Classical Manual on Virtue, Happiness and Effectiveness 
 I always thought old age would be a writers best chance. Whenever I read the late work of Goethe or W. B. Yeats I had the impertinence to identify with it. Now, my memorys gone, all the old fluencys disappeared. I dont write a single sentence without saying to myself, Its a lie! So I know I was right. Its the best chance Ive ever had. Samuel Beckett
 Who has not, a hundred times, found himself committing a vile or silly action for no other reason than because he knows he should not? Have we not a perpetual inclination, in the teeth of our best judgement, to violate that which is Law, merely because we understand it to be such? Edgar Allan Poe, The Black Cat 
 How very paltry and limited the normal human intellect is, and how little lucidity there is in the human consciousness, may be judged from the fact that, despite the ephemeral brevity of human life, the uncertainty of our existence and the countless enigmas which press upon us from all sides, everyone does not continually and ceaselessly philosophize, but that only the rarest of exceptions do. Arthur Schopenhauer
 No law can be sacred to me but that of my nature. Good and bad are but names very readily transferable to that or this the only right is what is after my constitution the only wrong is what is against it. Ralph Waldo Emerson
 The final belief is to believe in a fiction, which you know to be a fiction, there being nothing else. The exquisite truth is to know that it is a fiction and that you believe in it willingly. Wallace Stevens, Opus Posthumous: Poems, Plays, Prose 
 Death isnt the end, its the beginning. Jennifer Love Hewitt
 When you are lonely for a while dont get restless, if you had born alone, you are going to die alone then for sometime you can certainly live alone. Amit Kalantri
 Any species that exempts itself from the rules of competition ends up destroying the community in order to support its own expansion. Daniel Quinn, Ishmael:A Novel 
 Its a philosophical minefield!Cabal had a brief mental image of Aristotle walking halfway across an open field before unexpectedly disappearing in a fireball. Descartes and Nietzsche looked on appalled. He pulled himself together. Jonathan L. Howard, Johannes Cabal the Necromancer 
 It is the privilege of the gods to want nothing, and of godlike men to want little. Diogenes of Sinope
 Few things are more deceptive than memories. Carlos Ruiz Zafn, The Shadow of the Wind 
 Give the pupils something to do, not something to learn and the doing is of such a nature as to demand thinking learning naturally results. John Dewey
 Crazy Horse dreamed and went into the world where there is nothing but the spirits of all things. That is the real world that is behind this one, and everything we see here is something like a shadow from that one. Black Elk, Black Elk Speaks: Being the Life Story of a Holy Man of the Oglala Sioux 
 It is hard to be angry when one has seen the sun rise, she said.It seems to be true, he admitted. I wonder why.Because it makes one feel so small and insignificant. It has been rising forever and will rise forever no matter what we do or do not do. All our problems are as nothing to the sun. David Gemmell, Sword in the Storm 
 ...the rarest of all human qualities is consistency. Jeremy Bentham
 I have learnt through bitter experience the one supreme lesson to conserve my anger, and as heat conserved is transmuted into energy, even so our anger controlled can be transmuted into a power which can move the world. Mahatma Gandhi
 Because each of you has his or her own death, you carry it with you in a secret place from the moment youre born, it belongs to you and you belong to it. Jos Saramago
 There is nothing deep down inside us except what we have put there ourselves. Richard M. Rorty
 One morning you wake up with more life behind you than in front of you, not being able to understand how its happened. Fredrik Backman, Britt-Marie var hr 
 I dont think the real America is in New York or on the Pacific Coast personally, I like the Middle West much better, places like North and South Dakota, Minneapolis and Saint Paul. There, I think, are the true Americans Charlie Chaplin
 The mark of your ignorance is the depth of your belief in injustice and tragedy. What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the master calls a butterfly. Richard Bach
 The stone that was rolled before Christs tomb might appropriately be called the philosophers stone because its removal gave not only the pharisees but, now for 1800 years, the philosophers so much to think about. Sren Kierkegaard
 In reality there are no separate events. Life moves along like water, its all connected to the source of the river is connected to the mouth and the ocean. Alan W. Watts, The Essential Alan Watts 
 Dont appreciate me, Im not up to it. Dont criticize me, I dont deserve it. Just be my friend and forgive me, because I am craving for it. Debasish Mridha
 Every form of happiness if one, every desire is driven by the same motor--by our love for a single value, for the highest potentiality of our own existence--and every achievement is an expression of it. Ayn Rand
 We are often taught to look for the beauty in all things, so in finding it, the layman asks the philosopher while the philosopher asks the photographer. Criss Jami, Killosophy 
 Nobody understands the nature of the Church, or the ringing note of the creed descending from antiquity, who does not realize that the whole world once very nearly died of broadmindedness and the brotherhood of all religions. G.K. Chesterton, The Everlasting Man 
 We are alone. Live our lives, lacking anything better to do. Devise reason later. Alan Moore, Watchmen 
 I, while the gods laugh, the worlds vortex amMaelstrm of passions in that hidden seaWhose waves of all-time lap the coasts of meAnd in small compass the dark waters cram.- I, While the Gods Laugh, the Worlds Vortex Am Mervyn Peake, Collected Poems 
 When our eyes are graced with wonder, the world reveals its wonders to us. There are people who see only dullness in the world and that is because their eyes have already been dulled. So much depends on how we look at things. The quality of our looking determines what we come to see. John ODonohue, Beauty: The Invisible Embrace 
 The fossil record implies trial and error, the inability to anticipate the future, features inconsistent with a Great Designer (though not a Designer of a more remote and indirect temperament.) Carl Sagan, Cosmos 
 Trebuie sa te departezi putin de tine ca sa te poti apropia de ceilalti. Andrei Pleu
 I hold strongly to this: that it is better to be impetuous than circumspect because fortune is a woman and if she is to be submissive it is necessary to beat and coerce her. Niccol Machiavelli, The Prince - Niccolo Machiavelli - Original Version 
 It is our attitude toward events, not events themselves, which we can control. Nothing is by its own nature calamitous -- even death is terrible only if we fear it. Epictetus
 There were a group of people before the Ascension known as the Astalsi. They claimed that each person was born with a certain finite amount of ill luck. And so, when an unfortunate event happened, they thought themselves blessedthereafter, their lives could only get better. Brandon Sanderson, The Final Empire 
 I think that the task of philosophy is not to provide answers, but to show how the way we perceive a problem can be itself part of a problem. Slavoj iek
 It is easy to be conspicuously compassionate if others are being forced to pay the cost. Murray N. Rothbard
 And this is the forbidden truth, the unspeakable taboo - that evil is not always repellent but frequently attractive that it has the power to make of us not simply victims, as nature and accident do, but active accomplices. Joyce Carol Oates
 Modern bourgeois society with its relations of production, of exchange, and of property, a society that has conjured up such gigantic means of production and of exchange, is like the sorcerer, who is no longer able to control the powers of the nether world whom he has called up by his spells. Karl Marx, The Communist Manifesto 
 One has to take a somewhat bold and dangerous line with this existence: especially as, whatever happens, we are bound to lose it. Friedrich Nietzsche, Untimely Meditations 
 Why is a crooked letter and cant be made straight. Stephen King, The Gunslinger 
 To pursue wisdom is to live in such a way that one is prepared to face death when it comes. (247) Gregory Bassham, The Ultimate Harry Potter and Philosophy: Hogwarts for Muggles 
 I believe that a scientist looking at nonscientific problems is just as dumb as the next guy. Richard Feynman
 Do you think you wear a mask?Im wearing one right now. Valentino smiled softly. We both are.Its a sad thought.Yes, he said. But sometimes I wonder about the alternative. Imagine if we had no secrets, no respite from the truth. What if everything was laid bare the moment we introduced ourselves? Catherine Doyle, Vendetta 
 Absurdity is one of the most human things about us: a manifestation of our most advanced and interesting characteristics. Thomas Nagel
 The illness of a doctor is always worse than the illnesses of his patients.The patients only feel, but the doctor, as well as feeling, has a pretty good idea of the destructive effect of the disease on his constitution.This is a case in which knowledge brings death nearer. Maxim Gorky, Literary Portraits 
 A writer always writes. Don Roff
 Always be friendly, always be kind,Like the most beautiful flower that you can find. Debasish Mridha
 Philosophy begins in wonder. And at the end when philosophic thought has done its best the wonder remains. Alfred North Whitehead
 You like me not because I like you. I like you just because I like me. Santosh Kalwar
 All my problems bow before my stubbornness. Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words 
 Theres no way you can kill someone and get to the other side of the experience unchanged. Charlaine Harris, Definitely Dead 
 He who wears his morality but as his best garment were better naked.The wind and the sun will tear no holes in his skin. Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet 
 Unless we learn to know ourselves, we run the danger of destroying ourselves. Ja A. Jahannes, WordSong Poets 
 Intelligence is more important than strength, that is why earth is ruled by men and not by animals. Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words 
 Can all this just be an accident? Or could there be some alien intelligence behind it? Gene Roddenberry
 ... is it truly possible to steal a life, if... the Self is eternal and cannot die? Should this be so, then one who murders does no more than transgress against the will of another, whose choice it is to live. At bottom, a murderer offends not against the body, but against the spirit. Ki Longfellow, Flow Down Like Silver: Hypatia of Alexandria 
 Is it better to be loved or feared? Niccol Machiavelli, The Prince 
 High thoughts must have high language. Aristophanes, Frogs and Other Plays 
 Mathematicians finally developed a financial model to accurately compare apples and oranges. Any two kinds of fruit can be compared, although guavas still cause minor rounding errors. Graham Parke, No Hope for Gomez! 
 When you are angry try your best to go to sleep, it keeps you away from speaking, writing and thinking while you are angry. Amit Kalantri
 Love is a cowboys hardest ride. C.B. Smith
 Ill follow you, even to deathbut I wont live with you any more. Prosper Mrime, Carmen 
 When we are shown scenes of starving children in Africa, with a call for us to do something to help them, the underlying ideological message is something like: Dont think, dont politicize, forget about the true causes of their poverty, just act, contribute money, so that you will not have to think! Slavoj iek
 Science must not impose any philosophy, any more than the telephone must tell us what to say. G.K. Chesterton
 Every existing thing is born without reason, prolongs itself out of weakness, and dies by chance. Jean-Paul Sartre
 Fate isnt one straight roadthere are forks in it, many different routes to different ends. We have the free will to choose the path. Dean Koontz, Odd Thomas 
 You dont seem mad at all, she said.But I am, although Im undergoing a cure, because my problem is that I lack a particular chemical. However, while I hope that the chemical gets rid of my chronic depression, I want to continue being mad, living life the way I dream it, and not the way other people want it to be. Do you know what exists out there, beyond the walls of Villete? Paulo Coelho, Veronika Decides to Die 
 Love, I think, is a gateway to the world, not an escape from it. Mark Doty
 We are born into this world unarmed - our mind is our only weapon. Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged 
 Do you know what I think about crying? I think some people have to learn to do it. But once you learn, once you know how to really cry, theres nothing quite like it. I feel sorry for those who dont know the trick. Its like whistling or singing. Anne Rice, Memnoch the Devil 
 Dont think, but look! (PI 66) Ludwig Wittgenstein
 Ideas improve. The meaning of words participates in the improvement. Plagiarism is necessary. Progress implies it. It embraces an authors phrase, makes use of his expressions, erases a false idea, and replaces it with the right idea. Guy Debord
 Few among men are they who cross to the further shore. The others merely run up and down the bank on this side. Gautama Buddha
 All religions are based on obsolete terminology. Vladimir Nabokov, Pale Fire 
 Skepticism is the agent of reason against organized irrationalism--and is therefore one of the keys to human social and civic decency. Stephen Jay Gould
 A toast, Jedediah, to love on my terms. Those are the only terms anybody ever knows - his own. Orson Welles, Citizen Kane 
 In the battle that is philosophy all the techniques of war, including looting and camouflage, are permissible. Louis Althusser, Philosophy and the Spontaneous Philosophy of the Scientists: And Other Essays 
 the body is wiser than its inhabitants. the body is the soul. the body is gods messenger. Erica Jong
 In the world of art, all things are possible.--George from Paradise Kiss Ai Yazawa
 The free mind, unafraid of labor, presses on to attain the good. Laura Cereta, Collected Letters of a Renaissance Feminist 
 Question like a child, reason like an adult, and write like a sage. Criss Jami, Healology 
 What really frightens and dismays us is not external events themselves, but the way in which we think about them. It is not things that disturb us, but our interpretation of their significance. Epictetus
 Philosophy is the toil which can never tire persons engaged in it. All ways are strewn with roses, and the farther you go, the more enchanting objects appear before you and invite you on. Mary Wortley Montagu
 If you think life is magical or life is hard, either way you are right. Your thoughts are the source of reality. Debasish Mridha
 You cannot connect with anyone except through reality. Stefan Molyneux
 The only value of wasted time is knowledge. Monica Drake, Clown Girl 
 Veel van wat aanvankelijk alleen in de verbeelding bestaat, wordt werkelijkheid. Arthur Japin, Een schitterend gebrek 
 Whoever is going to listen to the philosophers needs a considerable practice in listening. Epictetus
 If youve got the truth you can demonstrate it. Talking doesnt prove it. Robert A. Heinlein, Stranger in a Strange Land 
 To live entirely without a goal! I have glimpsed this state, and have often attained it, without managing to remain there: I am too weak for such happiness. Emil M. Cioran
 Thinking only begins at the point where we have come to know that Reason, glorified for centuries, is the most obstinate adversary of thinking. Martin Heidegger
 People who lean on logic and philosophy and rational exposition end by starving the best part of the mind. W.B. Yeats
 In football everything is complicated by the presence of the opposite team. Jean-Paul Sartre
 Which came first, the mind or the idea of the mind? Have you never wondered? They arrived together. The mind is an idea. Bernard Beckett, Genesis 
 Anyone who fights for the future, lives in it today. Ayn Rand
 True philosophy must start from the most immediate and comprehensive fact of consciousness: I am life that wants to live, in the midst of life that wants to live Albert Schweitzer
 There are so many kinds of time. The time by which we measure our lives. Months and years. Or the big time, the time that raises mountains and makes stars. Or all the things that happen between one heartbeat and the next. Its hard to live in all those kinds of times. Easy to forget that you live in all of them. Robert Charles Wilson, Spin 
 We are the inheritors of a wonderful world, a beautiful world, full of life and mystery, goodness and pain. But likewise are we the children of an indifferent universe. We break our own hearts imposing our moral order on what is, by nature, a wide web of chaos. Colin Meloy, Wildwood 
 Unity is a great thing and a great slogan. But what the workers cause needs is the unity of Marxists, not unity between Marxists, and opponents and distorters of Marxism. Vladimir Lenin
 Cannibals? Who is not a cannibal? I tell you it will be more tolerable for the Fejee that salted down a lean missionary in his cellar against a coming famine it will be more tolerable for that provident Fejee, I say, in the day of judgement, than for thee, civilized and enlightened gourmand, who nailest geese to the ground and feastest on their bloated livers in thy pate de fois gras. Herman Melville, Moby Dick 
 The best things in life are crazy. Emme Rollins, Dear Rockstar 
 A lot of people experience the world with the same incredulity as when a magician pulls a rabbit out of a hat.We know that the world is not all sleight of hand and deception because we are in it, we are part of it. Actually we are the white rabbit being pulled out of the hat. The only difference beween us and the white rabbit is that the rabbit does not realize it is taking part in a magic trick. Jostein Gaarder, Sophies World 
 What if nobody showed up at Armageddon? C.R. Strahan
 In some remote corner of the universe, poured out and glittering among innumerable solar systems, there once was a star on which clever animals invented knowledge. Friedrich Nietzsche
 Everything existing in the universe is the fruit of chance and necessity. Democritus
 Truth gains more even by the errors of one who, with due study and preparation, thinks for himself, than by the true opinions of those who only hold them because they do not suffer themselves to think John Stuart Mill, On Liberty 
 ..the most dangerous animal in a zoo is Man. Yann Martel, Life of Pi 
 Muhabbat apni marzi se khulay pinjray main totay ki tarha bethnay ki salaahiyat hai. Muhabbat is ghulami ka toq hai jo insaan khud apnay ekhtyar se galay main dalta hai Bano Qudsia, Hasil Ghat 
 To win true freeedom you must be a slave to philosophy. Seneca, Letters from a Stoic 
 It doesnt matter how smart you are unless you stop and think. Thomas Sowell
 Mans naked form belongs to no particular moment in history it is eternal, and can be looked upon with joy by the people of all ages. Auguste Rodin
 Everyone has the fire, but the champions know when to ignite the spark. Amit Ray, Enlightenment Step by Step 
 All actual life is encounter. Martin Buber
 For it can never be that war shall preserve life, and peace destroy it. Thomas Hobbes, Leviathan 
 If all mankind minus one, were of one opinion, and only one person were of the contrary opinion, mankind would be no more justified in silencing that one person, than he, if he had the power, would be justified in silencing mankind. John Stuart Mill, On Liberty 
 The heart is like a woman, and the head is like a man, and although man is the head of woman, woman is the heart of man, and she turns mans head because she turns his heart. Peter Kreeft, Jesus-Shock 
 Who is to decide which is the grimmer sight: withered hearts, or empty skulls? Honor de Balzac, Pre Goriot 
 Call no man happy until he is dead. Solon
 He who says either that the time for philosophy has not yet come or that it has passed is like someone who says that the time for happiness has not yet come or that it has passed. Epicurus
 Every passion borders on the chaotic, but the collectors passion borders on the chaos of memories. Walter Benjamin
 You not only are hunted by others, you unknowingly hunt yourself. Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun 
 If I had to live my life over, Id live over a saloon. W.C. Fields
 This city belongs to ghosts, to murderers, to sleepwalkers. Where are you, in what bed, in what dream? Marguerite Yourcenar
 Is it better to go with the flow or let the flow go? Aidan Chambers, Postcards from No Mans Land 
 let the speaker speak truly and the judge decide justly. Plato, Euthyphro. Apology. Crito. Phaedo. Phaedrus. 
 And dont tell me the end justifies the means because it doesnt. We never reach the end. All we ever get is means. Thats what we live with. Nick Harkaway, Angelmaker 
 To be a god can ultimately become boring and degrading. Thered be reason enough for the invention of free will! A god might wish to escape into sleep and be alive only in the unconscious projections of his dream-creatures. Frank Herbert
 Weariness that wants to reach the ultimate with one leap, with one fatal leap, a poor ignorant weariness that does not want to want any more: this created all gods and afterworlds. Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra 
 In truth, Freud sees nothing and understands nothing. Gilles Deleuze, A Thousand Plateaus: Capitalism and Schizophrenia 
 It was only after two years work that it occurred to me that I was a writer. I had no particular expectation that the novel would ever be published, because it was sort of a mess. It was only when I found myself writing things I didnt realise I knew that I said, Im a writer now. The novel had become an incentive to deeper thinking. Thats really what writing isan intense form of thought. Don DeLillo
 God has abandoned you. Fear does not serve you. Your heart has betrayed you. Only the music can guide you. Noah Levine
 The ethos of redemption is realied in self-mastery, by means of temperance, that is, continence of desires. Pope John Paul II, Blessed Are the Pure of Heart: Catechesis on the Sermon on the Mount and Writings of St. Paul 
 Hope burns eternal in the human heart. O.R. Melling
 A moment or an eternitydid it matter? Life, undefeated, existed and could exist. Ayn Rand
 If you ask me to tell you anything about the nature of what lies beyond the phaneron my answer is How should I know? I am not dismayed by ultimate mysteries I can no more grasp what is behind such questions as my cat can understand what is behind the clatter I make while I type this paragraph. Martin Gardner, The Whys of a Philosophical Scrivener 
 Whether we like it or not, modern ways are going to alter and in part destroy traditional customs and values. Werner Heisenberg, Physics and Philosophy: The Revolution in Modern Science 
 My view is that if your philosophy is not unsettled daily then you are blind to all the universe has to offer. Neil deGrasse Tyson
 They cant tell so much about you if you got your eyes closed. Ken Kesey, One Flew Over the Cuckoos Nest 
 If there were no eternal consciousness in a man, if at the bottom of everything there were only a wild ferment, a power that twisting in dark passions produced everything great or inconsequential if an unfathomable, insatiable emptiness lay hid beneath everything, what would life be but despair? Sren Kierkegaard, Fear and Trembling 
 We are here and it is now. The way I see it is, after that, everything tends towards guesswork. Terry Pratchett, Small Gods 
 Young people everywhere have been allowed to choose between love and a garbage disposal unit. Everywhere they have chosen the garbage disposal unit. Guy Debord
 The Study of philosophy is not that we may know what men have thought, but what the truth of things is. Thomas Aquinas
 Here is my final point. About drugs, about alcohol, about pornography and smoking and everything else. What business is it of yours what I do, read, buy, see, say, think, who I fuck, what I take into my body - as long as I do not harm another human being on this planet? Bill Hicks
 We feel that even if all possible scientific questions be answered, the problems of life have still not been touched at all. Ludwig Wittgenstein, Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus 
 Creation and destruction are the two ends of the same moment. And everything between the creation and the next destruction is the journey of life. Amish Tripathi, The Oath of the Vayuputras 
 There are 10,000 books in my library, and it will keep growing until I die. This has exasperated my daughters, amused my friends and baffled my accountant. If I had not picked up this habit in the library long ago, I would have more money in the bank today I would not be richer. Pete Hamill
 If an apology is followed by an excuse or a reason, it means they are going to commit same mistake again they just apologized for. Amit Kalantri
 Neither the sun nor death can be looked at steadily. Franois de La Rochefoucauld
 I am dead because I lack desire,I lack desire because I think I possess.I think I possess because I do not try to give.In trying to give, you see that you have nothingSeeing that you have nothing, you try to give of yourselfTrying to give of yourself, you see that you are nothing:Seeing that you are nothing, you desire to becomeIn desiring to become, you begin to live. Ren Daumal
 In the high country of the mind one has to become adjusted to the thinner air of uncertainty... Robert M. Pirsig
 As soon as a religion comes to dominate it has as its opponents all those who would have been its first disciples. Friedrich Nietzsche, Human, All Too Human 
 Beyond the fiction of reality, there is the reality of the fiction. Slavoj iek, Less Than Nothing: Hegel and the Shadow of Dialectical Materialism 
 In presence of the Moon nobody sees stars. Amit Kalantri
 Patience is the only way you can endure the gray periods. Teri Hatcher, Burnt Toast: And Other Philosophies of Life 
 If just one of those people experiences life as a crazy adventure--and I mean that he, or she, experiences this every single day... Then he or she is a joker in a pack of cards. Jostein Gaarder, The Solitaire Mystery 
 I consist of body and soul - in the worlds of a child. And why shouldnt we speak like children? But the enlightened, the knowledgealbe would say: I am body through and through, nothing more and the soul is just a word for something on the body. Friedrich Nietzsche
 No man is crushed by misfortune unless he has first been deceived by prosperity Seneca, Dialogues and Letters 
 The best consolation in misfortune or affliction of any kind will be the thought of other people who are in a still worse plight than yourself and this is a form of consolation open to every one. But what an awful fate this means for mankind as a whole! We are like lambs in a field, disporting themselves under the eye of the butcher, who chooses out first one and then another for his prey. Arthur Schopenhauer, On the Suffering of the World 
 If you alone found out what the lie was, then youre probably rightit would make no great difference. But if you ALL found out what the lie was, it might conceivably make a very great difference indeed. Daniel Quinn, Ishmael:A Novel 
 He walked on in silence, the solitary sound of his footsteps echoing in his head, as in a deserted street, at dawn. His solitude was so complete, beneath a lovely sky as mellow and serene as a good conscience, amid that busy throng, that he was amazed at his own existence he must be somebody elses nightmare, and whoever it was would certainly awaken soon. Jean-Paul Sartre, The Age of Reason 
 We are living in the era of premeditation and the perfect crime. Our criminals are no longer helpless children who could plead love as their excuse. On the contrary, they are adults and the have the perfect alibi: philosophy, which can be used for any purpose - even for transforming murderers into judges. Albert Camus, The Rebel: An Essay on Man in Revolt 
 I am a citizen of the world. Diogenes of Sinope, The Lives and Opinions of Eminent Philosophers 
 God is an ever-receding pocket of scientific ignorance. Neil deGrasse Tyson
 If you were born with the ability to change someones perspective or emotions, never waste that gift. It is one of the most powerful gifts God can givethe ability to influence. Shannon L. Alder
 What we cannot bear removes us from life what remains can be borne. Marcus Aurelius, Meditations 
 Kendati batas antara kebebasan dan ketidakpedulian terkadang saru Dee Lestari, Madre: Kumpulan Cerita 
 Existence is beyond the power of wordsTo define:Terms may be usedBut are none of them absolute.In the beginning of heaven and earth there were no words,Words came out of the womb of matterAnd whether a man dispassionatelySees to the core of lifeOr passionatelySees the surface,The core and the surfaceAre essentially the same,Words making them seem differentOnly to express appearance.If name be needed, wonder names them both:From wonder into wonderExistence opens. Lao Tzu
 Only a philosophers mind grows wings, since its memory always keeps it as close as possible to those realities by being close to which the gods are divine. Plato, Phaedrus 
 NIHILIST, n. A Russian who denies the existence of anything but Tolstoi. The leader of the school is Tolstoi. Ambrose Bierce, The Unabridged Devils Dictionary 
 Calling sex by its name thereafter the 17th c. became more difficult and more costly. As if in order to gain mastery of it in reality, it had first been necessary to subjugate it at the level of language, control its free circulation in speech, expunge it from the things that were said, and extinguish the words that rendered it too visibly present. Michel Foucault
 Only philosophers embark on this perilous expedition to the outermost reaches of language and existence. Some of them fall off, but others cling on desperately and yell at the people nestling deep in the snug softness, stuffing themselves with delicious food and drink. Ladies and Gentlemen, they yell, we are floating in space! But none of the people down there care Jostein Gaarder, Sophies World 
 We can speak and think only of what exists. And what exists is uncreated and imperishable for it is whole and unchanging and complete. It was not or nor shall be different since it is now, all at once, one and continuous. Parmenides
 A miracle is often the willingness to see the common in an uncommon way. Noah Benshea, Jacob the Baker: Gentle Wisdom For a Complicated World 
 Look. If I touch you with this hand, I can remember touching you, but I cant prove I ever did. If reality is nothing more than what is in our mind...then what is the difference between this world and a dream? Kaori Ozaki, Immortal Rain, Vol. 1 
 Impossible things are really rough to do, you know. Brandon Sanderson, Alcatraz Versus the Shattered Lens 
 Beyond all sciences, philosophies, theologies, and histories, a childs relentless inquiry is truly all it takes to remind us that we dont know as much as we think we know. Criss Jami, Killosophy 
 The danger today is in believing there are no sick people, there is only a sick society. Fulton J. Sheen
 It was a dance of masks and every mask was perfect because every mask was a real face and every face was areal mask so there was no mask and there was no face for there was but one dance in which there was butone mask but one true face which was the same and which was a thing without a name which changed andchanged into itself over and over. Leonard Cohen, Beautiful Losers 
 If your life is Christ, then your death will be only more of Christ, forever. If your life is only Christlessness, then your death will be only more Christlessness, forever. Thats not fundamentalism, thats the law of non-contradiction. Peter Kreeft, Jesus-Shock 
 Having just enough life to enjoy being dead. Jim Holt, Why Does the World Exist?: An Existential Detective Story 
 A person whose desires and impulses are his ownare the expression of his own nature, as it has been developed and modified by his own cultureis said to have a character. One whose desires and impulses are not his own, has no character, no more than a steam-engine has character John Stuart Mill, On Liberty 
 Philosophers have often held disputeAs to the seat of thought in man and bruteFor that the power of thought attends the latterMy friend, thy beau, hath made a settled matter,And spite of dogmas current in all ages,One settled fact is better than ten sages. (O,Tempora! O,Mores!) Edgar Allan Poe, The Complete Stories and Poems 
 A thing is only as great as the amount a person is willing to risk for it. If you are not willing to risk anything, then the thing mustnt be so great at all. Madeline Claire Franklin, The Poppet and the Lune 
 No code of ethics and no effort are justifiable a priori in the face of the cruel mathematics that command our condition. Albert Camus
 From the scientific view, the theory of karma may be a metaphysical assumption -- but it is no more so than the assumption that all of life is material and originated out of pure chance Dalai Lama XIV
 If you wish to make Pythocles rich, do not add to his store of money, but subtract from his desires. Epicurus
 I drink cup of sunlight every morning to brighten myself. Debasish Mridha
 Dogs and philosophers do the greatest good and get the fewest rewards. Diogenes of Sinope
 Even if you are alone you wage war with yourself. Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun 
 We do not create life, we create death. Marie Symeou
 An honest religious thinker is like a tightrope walker. He almost looks as though he were walking on nothing but air. His support is the slenderest imaginable. And yet it really is possible to walk on it. Ludwig Wittgenstein
 YOU. ARE. PERFECT. You are. Im talking to YOU. and dont you dare think otherwise...embrace the entity of yourself...you are a puzzle piece and you are meant to be puzzling. Kaiden Blake
 Im probably 20 percent atheist and 80 percent agnostic. I dont think anyone really knows. Youll either find out or not when you get there, until then theres no point thinking about it. Brad Pitt
 If it is bread that you seek, you will have bread. If it is the soul you seek, you will find the soul. If you understand this secret, you know you are that which you seek. Jalaluddin Rumi
 He who conquers himself is the mightiest warrior. Confucius
 Pursue not the outer entanglements Dwell not in the inner void Be serene in the oneness of things And dualism vanishes by itself. Sengcan, Hsin-Hsin Ming: Verses on the Faith-Mind 
 If tomorrow were never to come, it would not be worth living today. Albert Einstein, On Humanism 
 Normal is over rated, and so is spelling.You want perfection? Go out and buy a spell check, but know this: Spellcheck wont keep you warm at night or love you unconditionaly. I will stick to being abnormal and a bad speller. Makes life more interesting. After all, what fun is there in being normal or perfect? Cristina Marrero
 Love isnt always a physical emotion. Sometimes its the ones who never got to actually hold you in their arms that appreciate you for who you are Sarah Sprague
 Because its much more pleasant to be obsessed over how the hero gets out of his predicament than it is over how I get out of mine. Woody Allen
 when somebody plays music, you listen. you just follow those sounds, and eventually you understand the music. the point cant be explained in words because music is not words, but after listening for a while, you understand the point of it, and that point is the music itself. in exactly the same way, you can listen to all experiences. Alan W. Watts, Still the Mind: An Introduction to Meditation 
 He recognized with absolute certainty the empty fragility of even the noblest theorizings as compared with the definitive plenitude of the smallest fact grasped in its total, concrete reality. Pierre Teilhard de Chardin, Hymn of the Universe 
 Each voice carries a portion of value, no matter how unpalatable or distasteful that voice may be: no one person, government, ideology, transnational, or religious institution can own and dominate the whole. B.W. Powe, Towards A Canada Of Light 
 Body is a home, a prison and a grave. James Runcie, The Colour Of Heaven 
 Awkward silences rule the world. People are so terrified of awkward silences that they will literally go to war rather than face an awkward silence. Stefan Molyneux
 Writing blooms flowers for mind, which last forever. Debasish Mridha
 i dont regret the difficulties I experienced I think they help helped me to become the person I am today. i feel the way a warrior must feel after years of traning he doesnt remember the details of everything he learned, but he knows how to strike when the time is right Paulo Coelho, The Zahir 
 Believe in the wonderment of life, the magic of love, and the reality of death. Carroll Bryant
 If your desire is for good, the people will be good. Confucius
 No dirt can touch me, like an ocean, everything that comes to me becomes clean. Debasish Mridha
 When a youth was giving himself airs in the Theatre and saying, I am wise, for I have conversed with many wise men, Epictetus replied, I too have conversed with many rich men, yet I am not rich!. Epictetus
 Could two live that way? Could two live under the wild rose, and explore by the pond, so that the smooth mind of each is as everywhere present to the other, and as received and as unchallenged, as falling snow? Annie Dillard, Teaching a Stone to Talk: Expeditions and Encounters 
 A philosopher named Aristippus, who had quite willingly sucked up to Dionysus and won himself a spot at his court, saw Diogenes cooking lentils for a meal. If you would only learn to compliment Dionysus, you wouldnt have to live on lentils.Diogenes replied, But if you would only learn to live on lentils, you wouldnt have to flatter Dionysus. Diogenes of Sinope
 No living creature is naturally greedy, except from fear of want - or in the case of human beings, from vanity, the notion that youre better than people if you can display more superfluous property than they can. Thomas More, Utopia 
 What a lovers heart knows let no mans brain dispute. Aberjhani, Visions of a Skylark Dressed in Black 
 In life man commits himself and draws his own portrait, outside of which there is nothing. No doubt this thought may seem harsh to someone who has not made a success of his life. But on the other hand, it helps people to understand that reality alone counts, and that dreams, expectations and hopes only serve to define a man as a broken dream, aborted hopes, and futile expectations. Jean-Paul Sartre, Existentialism Is a Humanism 
 If there were a party of those who arent sure theyre right, Id belong to it. (Camus, as quoted by Tony Judt) Albert Camus
 Every great cause begins as a movement, becomes a business, and eventually degenerates into a racket. Eric Hoffer, The Temper of Our Time 
 You are a wonderful creation. You know more than you think you know, just as you know less than you want to know. Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray 
 Digression is the soul of wit. Take the philosophic asides away from Dante, Milton or Hamlets fathers ghost and what stays is dry bones. Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451 
 For every expert there is an equal and opposite expert. Jasper Fforde, One of Our Thursdays Is Missing 
 By what men think, we create the world around us, daily new. Marion Zimmer Bradley, The Mists of Avalon 
 Its easy to hate and point out everything that is wrong with the world it is the hardest and most important work in ones life to free oneself from the bonds of fear and attachment. Noah Levine, Dharma Punx: A Memoir 
 My philosophy, in essence, is the concept of man as a heroic being, with his own happiness as the moral purpose of his life, with productive achievement as his noblest activity, and reason as his only absolute. Ayn Rand
 But love, like the sun that it is, sets afire and melts everything. what greed and privilege to build up over whole centuries the indignation of a pious spirit, with its natural following of oppressed souls, will cast down with a single shove. Jos Mart
 The five points of yama, together with the five points of niyama, remind us of the Ten Commandments of the Christtian and Jewish faiths, as well as of the ten virtues of Buddhism. In fact, there is no religion without these moral or ethical codes. All spiritual life should be based on these things. They are the foundation stones without which we can never build anything lasting. (127) Swami Satchidananda, The Yoga Sutras 
 Life is a bitter sweet journey my friend, a bitter sweet journey. Luellen Hoffman
 All things fade and quickly turn to myth. Marcus Aurelius, Meditations 
 the serpent if it wants to become the dragon must eat itself. Francis Bacon
 Our virtues and our failings are inseparable, like force and matter. When they separate, man is no more. Nikola Telsa, The Problem of Increasing Human Energy 
 I have forgotten my umbrella. Friedrich Nietzsche
 Under heaven all can see beauty as beauty only because there is ugliness. All can know good as good only because there is evil. Lao Tzu, Tao Te Ching 
 The creed which accepts as the foundation of morals, Utility, or the Greatest-Happiness Principle, holds that actions are right in proportion as they tend to promote happiness, wrong as they tend to produce the reverse of happiness. By happiness is intended pleasure, and the absence of pain by unhappiness, pain, and the privation of pleasure. John Stuart Mill, Utilitarianism 
 Philosophy and science have not always been friendly toward the idea of God, the reason being they are dedicated to the task of accounting for things and are impatient with anything that refuses to give an account of itself. The philosopher and the scientist will admit that there is much that they do not know but that is quite another thing from admitting there is something which they can never know, which indeed they have no technique for discovering. A.W. Tozer
 Sed nescio quo modo nihil tam absurde dici potest quod non dicatur ab aliquo philosphorum. (There is nothing so absurd but some philosopher has said it.) Marcus Tullius Cicero, De Divinatione 
 Are you not ashamed of caring so much for the making of money and for fame and prestige, when you neither think nor care about wisdom and truth and the improvement of your soul? Socrates
 The philosopher whose dealings are with divine order himself acquires the characteristics of order and divinity. Plato, The Republic 
 It is when those who are not strong enough have made some moderate amount of progress that they fail and give up... Confucius, The Wisdom Of Confucius 
 The meaning of earthly existence lies not, as we have grown used to thinking, in prospering but in the development of the soul. Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, Cancer Ward 
 No rational argument will have a rational effect on a man who does not want to adopt a rational attitude. Karl R. Popper
 For this feeling of wonder shows that you are a philosopher, since wonder is the only beginning of philosophy. Plato, Theaetetus 
 Lifes managed, not cured. Phillip C. McGraw
 Reality is harsh. It can be cruel and ugly. Yet no matter how much we grieve over our environment and circumstances nothing will change. What is important is not to be defeated, to forge ahead bravely. If we do this, a path will open before us. Daisaku Ikeda
 True happiness, we are told, consists in getting out of ones self but the point is not only to get out - you must stay out and to stay out you must have some absorbing errand. Henry James, Roderick Hudson 
 To live is to change, to acquire the words of a story, and that is the only celebration we mortals really know. Barbara Kingsolver, The Poisonwood Bible 
 We live in deeds not years In thoughts not breaths In feelings not figures on a dial. We should count time by heart throbs. He most lives who thinks most, feels noblest, acts the best. Philip James Bailey, Festus: A Poem 
 The problem with religion, because its been sheltered from criticism, is that it allows people to believe en masse what only idiots or lunatics could believe in isolation. Sam Harris
 , ... .. , E.S.P. 
 down with hell and heaven and all the religious fussinfinity pleased our parents one inch looks good to us E.E. Cummings
 If a man who cant count finds a four leaf clover, is he lucky? Stanisaw Lem
 Where we choose to be, where we choose to be--we have the power to determine that in our lives. We cannot reel time backward or forward, but we can take ourselves to the place that defines our being. Sena Jeter Naslund, Ahabs Wife, or The Star-Gazer 
 Me, Ive seen 45 years, and Ive only figured out one thing. Thats this: if a person would just make the effort, theres something to be learned from everything. From even the most ordinary, commonplace things, theres always something you can learn. I read somewhere that they said theres even different philosophies in razors. Fact is, if it werent for that, nobodyd survive. Haruki Murakami, Pinball, 1973 
 Deliverance is not for me in renunciation. I feel the embrace of freedom in a thousand bonds of delight. Rabindranath Tagore, Gitanjali: Song Offerings 
 When faith in our freedom gives way to fear of our freedom, silencing the minority view becomes the operative protocol. Joel Salatin, Everything I Want to Do Is Illegal: War Stories from the Local Food Front 
 A picture held us captive. And we could not get outside it, for it lay in our language and language seemed to repeat it to us inexorably. Ludwig Wittgenstein, Philosophical Investigations 
 And, drunk with my own madness, I shouted at him furiously, Make life beautiful! Make life beautiful! Charles Baudelaire
 The student is half afraid to meet one of the great philosophers face to face. He feels himself inadequate and thinks he will not understand him. But if he only knew, the great man, just because of his greatness, is much more intelligible than his modern commentator. The simplest student will be able to understand, if not all, yet a very great deal of what Plato said but hardly anyone can understand some modern books on Platonism. C.S. Lewis
 The symbolism of meat-eating is never neutral. To himself, the meat-eater seems to be eating life. To the vegetarian, he seems to be eating death. There is a kind of gestalt-shift between the two positions which makes it hard to change, and hard to raise questions on the matter at all without becoming embattled. Mary Midgley, Animals and Why They Matter 
 This time, there was no escape, I could not turn away, could not leave without accepting what I had done. There was only one way to the other side, and that was through the pain. Vanessa Diffenbaugh, The Language of Flowers 
 We never realize just how many other lives we can help when their paths cross our own. Wil Zeus, Sun Beyond the Clouds 
 From a certain point onward there is no longer any turning back. Franz Kafka
 My teacher asked my favorite color. ... I said Rainbow.... and I was punished to stand out of my class. Saket Assertive
 Creativity sparks originality which then manifests itself into what we call evolution. To depreciate imagination is to depreciate life. Al Stone
 ...were told by TV and Readers Digest that a crisis will trigger massive personal change--and that those big changes will make the pain worthwhile. But from what he could see, big change almost never happens. People simply feel lost. They have no idea what to say or do or feel or think. they become messes and tend to remain messes. Douglas Coupland, The Gum Thief 
 Someone once told me that the finer points of devotion are about the size of a pinhole, and there are millions of them. And if you could connect each dot, then youve got a diagram of what you think you thought you knew, and if youre willing to admit that you know nothingyou have the blueprint for a breakthrough. Shane L. Koyczan
 I like Dancing of Indian girls more than my parents prayers . Because they dance with love and passion . But my parents just say their prayers because they got used to it . Ali Shariati
 Sometimes with the most intense pain a paralysis of sensibility occurs. The soul disintegrates--hence the deadly frost--the free power of the mind--the shattering, ceaseless wit of this kind of despair. There is no inclination for anything any more--the person is alone, like a baleful power--as he has no connection with the rest of the world he consumes himself gradually--and in accordance with his own principle he is--misanthropic and misotheos. Novalis
 We are a society of notoriously unhappy people: lonely, anxious, depressed, destructive, dependent people who are glad when we have killed the time we are trying so hard to save. Erich Fromm, To Have or to Be? The Nature of the Psyche 
 Our knowledge of circumstances has increased, but our uncertainty, instead of having diminished, has only increased. The reason of this is, that we do not gain all our experience at once, but by degrees so our determinations continue to be assailed incessantly by fresh experience and the mind, if we may use the expression, must always be under arms. Carl von Clausewitz
 Our actions are guaranteed to affect others. Because we are not alone in this world, much of our learning about ourselves comes from our interaction with others. Our relationships are our teachers. We learn from each other. Tae Yun Kim, Seven Steps to Inner Power 
 Disobedience is the true foundation of liberty. Henry David Thoreau
 Upon this first, and in one sense this sole, rule of reason, that in order to learn you must desire to learn, and in so desiring not be satisfied with what you already incline to think, there follows one corollary which itself deserves to be inscribed upon every wall of the city of philosophy: Do not block the way of inquiry. Charles Sanders Peirce
 Forgiveness is created by the restitution of the abuser of the wrongdoer. It is not something to be squeeeeeezed out of the victim in a further act of conscience-corrupting abuse. Stefan Molyneux
 What does it matter where my body happens to be? he said. My mind goes on working all the same. Lewis Carroll
 Histories make men wise poets, witty the mathematics, subtle natural philosophy, deep moral, grave logic and rhetoric, able to contend. Francis Bacon, The Collected Works of Sir Francis Bacon 
 War means fighting. The business of the soldier is to fight. Armies are not called out to dig trenches, to throw up breastworks, to live in camps, but to find the enemy and strike him to invade his country, and do him all possible damage in the shortest possible time. This will involve great destruction of life and property while it lasts but such a war will of necessity be of brief continuance, and so would be an economy of life and property in the end. Stonewall Jackson
 Without knowledge of what I am and why I am here, it is impossible to live, and since I cannot know that, I cannot live either. In an infinity of time, in an infinity of matter, and an infinity of space a bubble-organism emerges while will exist for a little time and then burst, and that bubble am I. Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina 
 Es ist nicht genug, zu wissen, man mu auch anwenden es ist nicht genug, zu wollen, man mu auch tun. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
 Everything, no matter how beautiful, is only with us for awhile. Geoff Ryman
 One word can change your life forever.I love youI hate youThink about it Alan Macmillan Orr, The Natural Mind - Waking Up: Volume I 
 Come, friends. Come with your grief. Come with your loss. Carry all the pieces of your heart and come sit with us. Bring your disappointments and your failures. Bring your betrayals and your masks. We welcome you no matter where you come from and what you bring. Come and join us at the intersection of acceptance and forgivenesswhere you will find our house of love. Bring your empty cups and we will have a feast. Kamand Kojouri
 Forbearance in the face of fate, beauty constant under torture, are not merely passive. They are a positive achievement, an explicit triumph. Thomas Mann, Death in Venice and Other Tales 
 Distraction serves evil more than any other mental state. Stefan Molyneux
 The goal of education is to enable individuals to continue their education. John Dewey
 To Trin Tragulas horror, the shock completely annihilated her brain but to his satisfaction he realized that he had proved conclusively that if life is going to exist in a Universe of this size, then the one thing it cannot afford to have is a sense of proportion. Douglas Adams, The Restaurant at the End of the Universe 
 A friend is a friend who continues to love you and like you when you dont love him or like him any more. Debasish Mridha
 why are we here?where do we come from?traditionally,these are questionsfor philosophy,but philosophy is dead Stephen Hawking
 If everyone wants to be somebody, I want to be somebody else Benny Bellamacina
 A smiling lie is a whirlwind, easy to enter, but hard to escape. Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun 
 you can measure the size of a person by what makes him or her angry Dale Carnegie
 I want to find a way of speaking to fellow human beings that will be cool rather than heated, philosophical rather than polemical, that will bring enlightenment rather than seeking to divide us into the righteous and the sinners, the saved and the damned, the sheep and the goats. J.M. Coetzee, The Lives of Animals 
 There is one thing, Emma, which a man can always do if he chooses, and that is his duty not by manoeuvring and finessing, but by vigour and resolution. - Mr. Knightley Jane Austen, Emma 
 Isnt wine prohibited here? the boy asked. Its not what enters mens mouths thats evil, said the alchemist. Its what comes out of their mouths that is. Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist 
 Everything that can be thought at all can be thought clearly. Everything that can be said can be said clearly. Ludwig Wittgenstein, Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus 
 Philosophy is an amazing tissue of really fine thinking and incredible, puerile mistakes. Its like one of those rubber bones they give dogs to chew, damned good for the minds teeth, but as food - no bloody good at all. Olaf Stapledon, Odd John 
 Knowledge can be acquired by a suitable and complete study, no matter what the starting point is. Only one must know how to learn. What is nearest to us is man and you are the nearest of all men to yourself. Begin with the study of yourself remember the saying Know thyself. G.I. Gurdjieff, Views from the Real World: Early Talks Moscow Essentuki Tiflis Berlin London Paris NY Chicago as Recollecte 
 The egocentric is always frustrated, simply because the condition of self-perfection is self-surrender. There must be a willingness to die to the lower part of self, before there can be a birth to the nobler. Fulton J. Sheen, Seven Words of Jesus and Mary: Lessons from Cana and Calvary 
 There would be no society if living together depended upon understanding each other. Eric Hoffer
 Peace is not so much a political mandate as it is a shared state of consciousness that remains elevated and intact only to the degree that those who value it volunteer their existence as living examples of the same... Peace ends with the unraveling of individual hope and the emergence of the will to worship violence as a healer of private and social dis-ease. Aberjhani, The American Poet Who Went Home Again 
 In any compromise between food and poison, it is only death that can win. In any compromise between good and evil, it is only evil that can profit. Ayn Rand
 I made art a philosophy, and philosophy an art: I altered the minds of men, and the colour of things: I awoke the imagination of my century so that it created myth and legend around me: I summed up all things in a phrase, all existence in an epigram: whatever I touched I made beautiful Oscar Wilde, De Profundis and Other Writings 
 The priest therefore saw what the anchorite could not. That God needs no witness. Neither to himself nor against. The truth is rather that if there were no God then there could be no witness for there could be no identity to the world but only each mans opinion of it. The priest saw that there is no man who is elect because there is no man who is not. To God every man is a heretic. Cormac McCarthy
 Its impossible to walk through solid rock... You have to walk between the molecules that make up the rock. J.M. Dattilo
 A culture is made or destroyed by its articulate voices. Ayn Rand
 The will of the people, moreover, practically means the will of the most numerous or the most active part of the people the majority, or those who succeed in making themselves accepted as the majority type people, consequently, may desire to oppress a part of their number and precautions are as much needed against this as against any other abuse of power. John Stuart Mill, On Liberty 
 By that which you kill are you bound. O.R. Melling, The Summer King 
 Not bad, not bad at all, Diotallevi said. To arrive at the truth through the painstaking reconstruction of a false text. Umberto Eco, Foucaults Pendulum 
 Without living, how can you know? Without knowing, how can you speak? J.E. Seanacha
 Leaving your religion and having to invent your own system of values is a big deal, after all. Therese Doucet
 Contrary to the ecologists, nature does not stand still and does not maintain the kind of equilibrium that guarantees the survival of any particular species - least of all the survival of her greatest and most fragile product: man. Ayn Rand
 Do you mean that you think you can find out the answer to it? said the March Hare.Exactly so, said Alice.Then you should say what you mean, the March Hare went on.I do, Alice hastily replied at least--at least I mean what I say--thats the same thing, you know.You might just as well say, added the Dormouse, which seemed to be talking in its sleep, that I breathewhen I sleep is the same thing as I sleep when I breathe! Lewis Carroll
 Never say never Charles Dickens
 We played for about half an hour before I realized we were actually playing two different games. What Id thought of as ludo was actually a game called gin rummy, and what Warren was playing seemed to be a mixture of craps and table tennis. Once we started playing by one consistent set of rules, though, the fun was really over. Graham Parke, No Hope for Gomez! 
 Those who lack the courage will always find a philosophy to justify it. Albert Camus
 when a language dies, a way of understanding the world dies with it, a way of looking at the world. George Steiner
 The more powerful the class, the more it claims not to exist. Guy Debord, The Society of the Spectacle 
 There is but one true philosophical problem and that is suicide. Albert Camus
 Beginning to think is beginning to be undermined. Society has but little connection with such beginnings. The worm is in mans heart. That is where it must be sought. One must follow and understand this fatal game that leads from lucidity in the face of existence to flight from light. Albert Camus, The Myth of Sisyphus and Other Essays 
 A modern philosopher who has never once suspected himself of being a charlatan must be such a shallow mind that his work is probably not worth reading. Leszek Koakowski, Metaphysical Horror 
 Socrates should have written comics. Mark Waid
 More powerful than the mighty armies is an idea whose time has come. Victor Hugo
 Sitting still is a pain in the ass. Noah Levine, Against the Stream: A Buddhist Manual for Spiritual Revolutionaries 
 Then the lover, who is true and no counterfeit, must of necessity be loved by his love. Plato
 Slice a pear and you will find that its flesh is incandescent white. It glows with inner light. Those who carry a knife and a pear are never afraid of the dark. Yann Martel, Beatrice and Virgil 
 Pragmatism asks its usual question. Grant an idea or belief to be true, it says, what concrete difference will its being true make in anyones actual life? How will the truth be realized? What experiences will be different from those which would obtain if the belief were false? What, in short, is the truths cash-value in experiential terms? William James
 When we die, as when the scenes have been fixed on to celluloid and the scenery is pulled down and burnt we are phantoms in the memories of our descendants. Then we are ghosts, my dear, then we are myths. But still we are together. We are the past together, we are a distant past. Beneath the dome of the mysterious stars, I still hear your voice. Jostein Gaarder, Maya 
 While I was an honorable man in her eyes, she did not love me. But the minute she understood what I was, when she breathed the true and foul odor of my soul, love was born in her for she does love me! Well, well! There is nothing real, then, except evil. Octave Mirbeau
 It is remarkable how long men will believe in the bottomlessness of a pond without taking the trouble to sound it. Henry David Thoreau, Walden & Resistance to Civil Government 
 A sin is nothing more than regret. Not for doing it once, but doing it again when you know youre going to regret it. Carroll Bryant
 I grew up once, I decided never to do it again Benny Bellamacina, The King of Rhyme 
 From whichever side I start, I think I am in an old place where others have been before me. Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun 
 You are happy when you are enthusiastic and action-oriented, not when you are luxury and pleasure oriented. Debasish Mridha
 This is the Modern Man. The man who seeks himself without ever seeking, because he does not want to findThe man who does not hesitate to criticize the other, although he behaves in the same way Cristiane Serruya, The Modern Man: A philosophical divagation about the evil banality of daily acts 
 Its always seemed a little preposterous that Hamlet, for all his paralyzing doubt about everything, never once doubts the reality of the ghost. Never questions his own madness might not in fact be unfeigned. David Foster Wallace, Infinite Jest 
 An ignorant person is inclined to blame others for his own misfortune. To blame oneself is proof of progress. But the wise man never has to blame another or himself. Epictetus, The Art of Living: The Classical Manual on Virtue, Happiness and Effectiveness 
 The stalker, meanwhile, stepped into the road. Didnt even check for traffic. There wasnt any, but something told me this was lucky for traffic rather than the stalker. Graham Parke, No Hope for Gomez! 
 The better organized the state, the duller its humanity. David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas 
 This place has only three exits, sir: Madness, and Death. Ren Daumal, A Night of Serious Drinking 
 Theres only one rule that I know of, babiesGod damn it, youve got to be kind. Kurt Vonnegut Jr., God Bless You, Mr. Rosewater 
 Teaism is a cult founded on the adoration of the beautiful among the sordid facts of everyday existence. It inculcates purity and harmony, the mystery of mutual charity, the romanticism of the social order. It is essentially a worship of the Imperfect, as it is a tender attempt to accomplish something possible in this impossible thing we know as life. Kakuz Okakura, The Book of Tea 
 Because philosophy arises from awe, a philosopher is bound in his way to be a lover of myths and poetic fables. Poets and philosophers are alike in being big with wonder. Thomas Aquinas
 If you know that I am an unbeliever, then you know me better than I do myself. I may be an unbeliever, but I am an unbeliever who has a nostalgia for a belief. Pier Paolo Pasolini
 A philosopher is a blind man in a dark room looking for a black cat that isnt there. A theologian is the man who finds it. H.L. Mencken
 Words are the clothes thoughts wear. Samuel Beckett
 Philosophers can debate the meaning of life, but you need a Lord who can declare the meaning of life. Max Lucado, Traveling Light: Releasing the Burdens You Were Never Intended to Bear 
 We...sin not because we want what is evil, but because we want what isnt good enough. Scott Hahn, Lord, Have Mercy: The Healing Power of Confession 
 Bring the mind into sharp focus and make it alert so that it can immediately intuit truth, which is everywhere. The mind must be emancipated from old habits, prejudices, restrictive thought processes and even ordinary thought itself. Bruce Lee, Tao of Jeet Kune Do 
 We follow the ways of wolves, the habits of tigers: or, rather we are worse than they. To them nature has assigned that they should be thus fed, while God has honoured us with rational speech and a sense of equity. And yet we are become worse than the wild beast. John Chrysostom
 TO the States or any one of them, or any city of the States, Resist much, obey little, Once unquestioning obedience, once fully enslaved,Once fully enslaved, no nation, state, city of this earth, ever after-ward resumes its liberty. Walt Whitman, Leaves of Grass 
 Philosophy, from the earliest times, has made greater claims, and achieved fewer results, than any other branch of learning. Bertrand Russell, Our Knowledge of the External World 
 But is all this true? said Brutha.Didactylos shrugged. Could be. Could be. We are here and it is now. The way I see it is, after that, everything tends towards guesswork.You mean you dont KNOW its true? said Brutha.I THINK it might be, said Didactylos. I could be wrong. Not being certain is what being a philosopher is all about. Terry Pratchett, Small Gods 
 The power of death signifies that this real world can only have a neutral image of life, that lifes intimacy does not reveal its dazzling consumption until the moment it gives out. Georges Bataille, Theory of Religion 
 Try for once to justify the meaning of your existence as it were a posteriori by setting yourself an aim, a goal... an exalted and noble to this end. Perish in pursuit of this and only this Friedrich Nietzsche, Untimely Meditations 
 The truth is, going against the internal stream of ignorance is way more rebellious than trying to start some sort of cultural revolution. Noah Levine, Dharma Punx: A Memoir 
 Possibility, infinity, beauty -- none of those words were right. ... What he really wanted to say was: have you felt this? this phantom life streaking like a phosphorescent hound at the edges of your ruin? Haven Kimmel, The Solace Of Leaving Early 
 The inner revolution will not be televised or sold on the Internet. It must take place within ones own mind and heart. Noah Levine, Dharma Punx: A Memoir 
 I didnt want to do it, Kiala said. The universe just kind of conspired to force me to make a fool of myself. It does that quite a lot, actually. Graham Parke, Unspent Time 
 Les hommes construisent trop de murs et pas assez de ponts. Isaac Newton
 You may lie with your mouth, but with the mouth you make as you do so you none the less tell the truth. Friedrich Nietzsche
 Further, an excess of legislation defeats its own ends. It makes the whole population criminals, and turns them all into police and police spies. The moral health of such a people is ruined for ever only revolution can save it. Aleister Crowley, Cocaine: Impressions & Opinions 
 On marriage: You sort of stumble along and reconnect and lose each other and reconnect again. Felicity Huffman
 We youths say like all the time because we mistrust reality. James S. Kunen, The Strawberry Statement: Notes of a College Revolutionary 
 Those who know that they are profound strive for clarity. Those who would like to seem profound to the crowd strive for obscurity. For the crowd believes that if it cannot see to the bottom of something it must be profound. It is so timid and dislikes going into the water. Friedrich Nietzsche, The Gay Science 
 You can believe in whatsoever you like, but the truth remains the truth, no matter how sweet the lie may taste. Michael Bassey Johnson
 I tell you: one must still have chaos in one, to give birth to a dancing star. I tell you: you have still chaos in you. Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra 
 Before you hate something you should try to understand it. Martha Grimes, Dakota 
 There are times when wisdom cannot be found in the chambers of parliament or the halls of academia but at the unpretentious setting of the kitchen table. E.A. Bucchianeri
 The zipper displaces the button and a man lacks just that much time to think while dressing at dawn, a philosophical hour, and thus a melancholy hour. Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451 
 Do you believe in God, doctor?No - but what does that really mean? Im fumbling in the dark, struggling to make something out. But Ive long ceased finding that original. Albert Camus, The Plague 
 I care for no man on earth, and no man on earth cares for me. Charles Dickens, A Tale of Two Cities 
 where the telescope ends the microscope begins, and who can say which has the wider vision? Victor Hugo, Les Misrables 
 The safest general characterization of the European philosophical tradition is that it consists of a series of footnotes to Plato. Alfred North Whitehead, Process and Reality 
 For Reason, ruling alone, is a force confining and Passion, unattended,is a flame that burns to its own destruction. Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet 
 I dont have a philosophy: I have senses...If I talk about Nature, its not because I know what it is,But because I love it, and thats why I love it,Because when you love you never know what you love,Or why you love, or what love is.Loving is eternal innocence,And the only innocence is not thinking. Alberto Caeiro, The Keeper of Sheep 
 What can oppose the decline of the west is not a resurrected culture but the utopia that is silently contained in the image of its decline. Theodor W. Adorno
 But this wealth of information produced little or no insight. Stephen King, The Gunslinger 
 Ignorance isnt a sword. Its a weight that drags a soul swirling to the bottom of the sea. Melodie Ramone
 Christianity, like genius, is one of the hardest concepts to forgive. We hear what we want to hear and accept what we want to accept, for the most part, simply because there is nothing more offensive than feeling like you have to re-evaluate your own train of thought and purpose in life. You have to die to an extent in your hunger for faith, for wisdom, and quite frankly, most people arent ready to die. Criss Jami, Killosophy 
 That is why enemies can be great motivators. They serve as fuel for your fire. Simon Zingerman, We All Need Heroes: Stories of the Brave and Foolish 
 Dreams. They start in your beautiful mind. Think of beautiful things and it will manifest into actions because your body will listen to you. Like it always does. Diana Rose Morcilla
 A piece of art comes to life, when we can feel, it is breathing, when it talks to us and starts raising questions. It may dispel biased perceptions make us recognize ignored fragments and remember forsaken episodes of our life story. Art may sometimes even be nasty and disturbing, if we dont want to consent to its philosophy or concept, but it might, in the end, perhaps reconcile us with ourselves. (When is Art?) Erik Pevernagie
 Culture had worked in her own case, but during the last few weeks she had doubted whether it humanized the majority, so wide and so widening is the gulf that stretches between the natural and the philosophic man, so many the good chaps who are wrecked in trying to cross it. E.M. Forster, Howards End 
 God save me from fools with a little philosophyno one is more difficult to reach. Epictetus, The Discourses 
 But by the grace of God I am what I am: and his grace which was bestowed upon me was not in vain but i laboured more abundantly than they all: yet not I, but the grace of God which was with me. Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version 
 I never quite understood the question that says, is the glass half empty or half full? Whats the difference? Eventually itll end up empty and in the trash. Cyndi Goodgame, Under Cover 
 Tapi Tuhan juga seperti punya jatah waktu yang boleh kita habiskanberdua. Sia-sia bertahan, sia-sia melawan. Avianti Armand, Negeri Para Peri 
 Pride makes us artificial humility makes us real Thomas Merton
 What one generation finds ridiculous, the next accepts and the third shudders when it looks back on what the first did. Peter Singer
 In my opinion, our health care system has failed when a doctor fails to treat an illness that is treatable. Kevin Alan Lee, The Split Mind: Schizophrenia from an Insiders Point of View 
 Thoughts a luxury. Do you think the peasant sits and thinks of God and Democracy when he gets inside his mud hut at night? Graham Greene, The Quiet American 
 From the philosopher Catulus, never to be dismissive of a friends accusation, even if it seems unreasonable, but to make every effort to restore the relationship to its normal condition. Marcus Aurelius, Meditations 
 Maybe Im strange and perverse, but Ive always thought there was something sexy about a compelling argument. Therese Doucet, A Lost Argument 
 Each day acquire something that will fortify you against poverty, against death, indeed against other misfortunes as well and after you have run over many thoughts, select one to be thoroughly digested that day. Seneca, Letters from a Stoic 
 The principle of democracy is a recognition of the sovereign, inalienable rights of man as a gift from God, the Source of law. Fulton J. Sheen
 Congress shall make no law abridging the freedom of production and trade... Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged 
 It is not God that is worshipped but the authority that claims to speak in His name. Sin becomes disobedience to authority not violation of integrity. Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan
 I think to think. Not to be thought-full, or to reach a point of wisdom or acquire a grace of knowledge. I think for the sensuality of thought. Ilyas Kassam
 In philosophy class I think we finally decided that good is an infinitely recursive term - it cant be defined except in terms of itself. Good is good because its better than bad, though why its better to be good than bad depends on how you define good, and on and on. Orson Scott Card, Ender in Exile 
 When the writing is good, a book becomes a mirror. The reader will see an uncanny familiarity and respond accordingly. Jen Knox, After the Gazebo 
 Listen. Jennifer reverted, I didnt mean anything by all of that before. I understand what you were trying to do and ... She struggled for the right words. Sweetie, like love, people dont live inside of life, life lives inside of you. Open yourself up to it and theres no stopping your heart. Carroll Bryant, Children of the Flower Power 
 Godshawk looked surprised, the way that people generally do when you ask them philosophical questions in shrubberies in the middle of the night. Philip Reeve, Fever Crumb 
 If we cannot comprehend God in his visible works, how then in his inconceivable thoughts, that call the works into being? Edgar Allan Poe, The Imp of The Perverse 
 The tragedy is that we cannot believe the dogmas of religion and metaphysics if we have the strict methods of truth in heart and head, but on the other hand, we have become through the development of humanity so tenderly suffering that we need the highest kind of means of salvation and consolation: whence arises the danger that man may bleed to death through the truth that he realises. Friedrich Nietzsche
 Life is a book. We fill the pages. Victoria Valentine
 Lend me your ears and you can borrow my mind Benny Bellamacina, The King of Rhyme 
 Material wealth can be bad for your health.Because when youre in the soil itll make your blood boil,that you couldnt keep it all for your self. Benny Bellamacina
 The spectacle is at the same time the mirage of self in the mirror of things. Paul Ricur
 I wonder why peopke are so afraid of love. Of different kinds of love. I just dont get it. Why arent we afraid of racism Of war? But love? It just doesnt make sense. Gail Sidonie Sobat, Chance to Dance for You 
 Always ask the questions you want to, life is too short to know if youll get a second chance to ask , and afterlife is probably too long to wonder what the answer may be. Kaitlin Hollon
 Her maktul katilinde yaamaya devam eder. Elif Shafak
 I surround myself with things that make me happy. Why? Because ... it makes me happy. Kelly Epperson
 as soon as we renounce fiction and illusion, we lose reality itself the moment we subtract fictions from reality, reality itself loses its discursive-logical consistency. Slavoj iek, Tarrying with the Negative: Kant, Hegel, and the Critique of Ideology 
 Ideas are the source of all things Plato
 ...when he looks at Beauty in the only way that Beauty can be seen - only then will it become possible for him to give birth not to images of virtue (because hes in touch with no images), but to true virtue arete (because he is in touch with true Beauty). The love of the gods belongs to anyone who has given to true virtue and nourished it, and if any human being could become immortal, it would be he. Plato, The Symposium 
 Wherever there is a human being, there is an opportunity for crisis. Seneca
 Saepe creat molles aspera spina rosas - Often the prickly thorn produces tender roses Ovid
 There is no such thing as educational value in the abstract. The notion that some subjects and methods and that acquaintance with certain facts and truths possess educational value in and of themselves is the reason why traditional education reduced the material of education so largely to a diet of predigested materials. John Dewey, Experience and Education 
 love make us poets, and the approach of death should make us philosophers. George Santayana
 The complexities of adult life get in the way of the truth. The great philosophers have always been able to clear away the complexities and see simple distinctions - simple once they are stated, vastly difficult before. If we are to follow them we too must be childishly simple in our questions - and maturely wise in our replies. Mortimer J. Adler, How to Read a Book: The Classic Guide to Intelligent Reading 
 the Real-World was a sprawling mess of a book in need of a good editor. Jasper Fforde, One of Our Thursdays Is Missing 
 Sure, I could tell you I am no longer a lesbian or that I am no longer attracted to women and am straight, or I could even tell you the moon is made of cheese. I could tell you many things, but the moon will still not be made of cheese, and I will still not be attracted to men. Cristina Marrero
 Nu pot fi eu insumi decat daca ma inalt pana la furie sau cobor pana la descurajare: la nivelul meu obisnuit, ignor faptul ca exist. Emil M. Cioran
 Problems in science are sometimes made easier by adding complications. Daniel C. Dennett, Darwins Dangerous Idea: Evolution and the Meanings of Life 
 nsanolu nedense anlayamad eylere ktlemeye meyilli. Elif Shafak
 It does not follow, because our ancestors made so many errors of fact and mixed them with their religion, that we should therefore leave off being religious at all. By being religious we establish ourselves in possession of ultimate reality at the only points at which reality is given us to guard. Our responsible concern is with our private destiny, after all. William James, The Varieties of Religious Experience 
 Its the truth, even if it didnt happen......if they dont exist, how can a man see them? Ken Kesey, One Flew Over the Cuckoos Nest 
 First impressions are rarely worth preserving. Men typically fall short of our expectations. Renate Linnenkoper, Exogenesis 
 You know, Daddy said, its some that can live their whole life out without asking about it and its others has to know why it is, and this boy is one of the latters. Hes going to be into everything! Flannery OConnor
 Laughter is the hand of God on the shoulder of a troubled world. Grady Nutt
 A few dud universes can really clutter up your basement. Neal Stephenson, In the Beginning...Was the Command Line 
 Smartass Disciple: Master, do you really believe in the second chance?Master of Stupidity: That supports the basis of lost-then-found concept. Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity 
 Most of the propositions and questions to be found in philosophical works are not false but nonsensical. Ludwig Wittgenstein, Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus 
 When you use your energy and resources to punish people, you run out of energy and resources to protect people. Kelly Bryson, Dont Be Nice, Be Real: Balancing Passion for Self with Compassion for Others 
 I try--without success--to stop finding reasons for vanity in anything. When I happen to manage it nonetheless, I feel that I no longer belong to the mortal gang. I am above everything then, above the gods themselves. Perhaps that is what death is: a sensation of great, of extreme superiority. Emil M. Cioran
 As a man, casting off worn out garments taketh new ones, so the dweller in the body, entereth into ones that are new. Epictetus
 Our culture has filled our heads but emptied our hearts, stuffed our wallets but starved our wonder. It has fed our thirst for facts but not for meaning or mystery. It produces nice people, not heroes. Peter Kreeft, Jesus-Shock 
 You are what you do. If you do boring, stupid monotonous work, chances are youll end up boring, stupid and monotonous. Work is a much better explanation for the creeping cretinization all around us than even such significant moronizing mechanisms as television and education. Bob Black, The Abolition of Work & Other Essays 
 To recognize untruth as a condition of life--that certainly means resisting accustomed value feelings in a dangerous way and a philosophy that risks this would by that token alone place itself beyond good and evil. Friedrich Nietzsche, Beyond Good and Evil 
 To stay or to go, it amounted to the same thing. Albert Camus, The Stranger 
 Whatever I learned,Whatever I knew,Seems like those faded years of childhood that flew,Away in some dilemma,Always in some confusion,The purpose of this life,Seems like an illusion! Mehek Bassi, Chained: Can you escape fate? 
 Do not trouble about those who practice philosophy, whether they are good or bad but examine the thing itself well and carefully. And if philosophy appears a bad thing to you, turn every man from it, not only your sons but if it appears to you such as I think it to be, take courage, pursue it, and practice it, as the saying is, both you and your house. Socrates
 Reason is, and ought only to be the slave of the passions, and can never pretend to any other office than to serve and obey them. David Hume, A Treatise of Human Nature 
 Dubium sapientiae initium. (Doubt is the origin of wisdom.) Ren Descartes, Meditations on First Philosophy 
 Man is conceived in sin and born in corruption and he passeth from the stink of the didie to the stench of the shroud. There is always something(All The Kings Men) Robert Penn Warren
 Treat everyone you meet as if they were you. Doug Dillon
 The toxic behaviors were there before you decided to enter into relationships with them. The signs were there. You may have chosen to look the other way, but the signs were there.Psychotherapist from Type 1 Sociopath P.A. Speers, Type 1 Sociopath - When Difficult People Are More Than Just Difficult People 
 The search for something permanent is one of the deepest of the instincts leading men to philosophy. Bertrand Russell, A History of Western Philosophy 
 Be a surfer. Watch the ocean. Figure out where the big waves are breaking and adjust accordingly. 37 Signals, Getting Real: The Smarter, Faster, Easier Way to Build a Web Application 
 The truth is helpless when up against perception Zack W. Van
 All statistics have outliers. Nenia Campbell, Terrorscape 
 The universe never complains.When youre wrong or right,She always loves and cares,She always gives and shares. When you get lost she becomes the light,Helps you to find what is right. But she never forgetsTo show you the light. Debasish Mridha
 Inspiration may be a form of super-consciousness, orperhaps of subconsciousnessI wouldnt know. But I amsure it is the antithesis of self-consciousness. Aaron Copland
 When the heart is dry the eye is dry. Victor Hugo, Les Misrables - anthology 
 One can ask why the I has to appear in the cogito Descartes argument I think therefore I am., since the cogito, if used rightly, is the awareness of pure consciousness, not directed at any fact or action. In fact the I is not necessary here, since it is never united directly to consciousness. One can even imagine a pure and self-aware consciousness which thinks of itself as impersonal spontaneity. Jean-Paul Sartre
 An inventor is a man who asks Why? of the universe and lets nothing stand between the answer and his mind. Ayn Rand
 Resources are hired to give results, not reasons. Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words 
 Aint no sense worryin about the things you got control over, cause if you got control over em, aint no sense worryin. And aint no sense worryin about the things you dont got control over, cause if you dont got control over em, aint no sense worryin. Mickey Rivers
 There lies before us, if we choose, continual progress in happiness, knowledge and wisdom. Shall we instead choose death, because we cannot forget our quarrels? I appeal as a human being to human beings remember your humanity, and forget the rest. Bertrand Russell
 The statement There is nothing more American than an Indian happens to be a multidimensional paradox. Try and not say too many of those. That might open your mind to ideas that could cause sanity point loss. Charles Slagle
 What is food to one man is bitter poison to others Titus Lucretius Carus
 Theres no greater show on earth than observing human nature Benny Bellamacina, Little Luigi: A Musical Adventure 
 They grew they did not talk about growing. Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun 
 My mind was formed by studying philosophy, Plato and that sort of thing. Werner Heisenberg
 If you spend time with crazy and dangerous people, remember their personalities are socially transmitted diseases like water poured into a container, most of us eventually turn into or remain whoever we surround ourselves with. We can choose our tribe, but we cannot change that our tribe is our destiny. Stefan Molyneux
 From the lesson of the moth:and before i could argue himout of his philosophyhe went and immolated himselfon a patent cigar lighteri do not agree with himmyself i would rather havehalf the happiness and twicethe longevitybut at the same time i wishthere was something i wantedas badly as he wanted to fry himself Don Marquis, Archy and Mehitabel 
 Every science begins as philosophy and ends as art it arises in hypothesis and flows into achievement. Will Durant
 Deep connection is the antidote to madness. Stefan Molyneux
 Tourism, human circulation considered as consumption is fundamentally nothing more than the leisure of going to see what has become banal. Guy Debord
 He alone is free who lives with free consent under the entire guidance of reason Baruch Spinoza
 Using your talent, hobby or profession in a way that makes you contribute with something good to this world is truly the way to go. Simon Zingerman, We All Need Heroes: Stories of the Brave and Foolish 
 The greatest mystery the universe offers is not life but Size. Stephen King, The Gunslinger 
 Im more than ever of the opinion that a decent human existence is possible today only on the fringes of society, where one then runs the risk of starving or being stoned to death. In these circumstances, a sense of humor is a great help. Hannah Arendt, Correspondence, 1926-1969 
 As long as one believes in philosophy, one is healthy sickness begins when one starts to think. Emil M. Cioran, Tears and Saints 
 Dont write to sell, write to tell. Jonas Eriksson
 Opinions alter, manners change, creeds rise and fall, but the moral law is written on the tablets of eternity. John Emerich Edward Dalberg-Acton
 I have no desire for others to take it on themselves to analyze my thoughts. I am without thoughts. I have never, not even once, acted on the basis of any doctrine or philosophy.I am convinced that those people whom the world considers good and respects are all liars and fakes. I do not trust the world. Osamu Dazai, The Setting Sun 
 The view that man was ever to be drawn by some vision of the unattainable shining ahead, doomed ever to aspire, but not to achieve, my life and my values could not bring me to that. Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged 
 Kita melahirkan dan dilahirkan oleh sebuah jiwa yang tidak kita kenalKita adalah teka-teki yang tak teterka oleh siapa pun. Kita adalah dongeng yang terperangkap dalam khayalannya sendiri.Kita adalah apa yang terus berjalan tanpa pernah tiba pada pengertian Jostein Gaarder, Maya 
 The same word we love and hate, leaves in different directions, taking different paths. Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun 
 la vida slo puede ser entendida mirando hacia atrs aunque deba ser vivida mirando hacia adelante Sren Kierkegaard
 The rich fop Francis of Assisi was bored all his lifeuntil he fell in love with Christ and gave all his stuff away and became the troubadour of Lady Poverty. Peter Kreeft, Jesus-Shock 
 Treaty with Tripoli, Art. 11. As the Government of the United States of America is not, in any sense, founded on the Christian religion U.S. Congress
 I will not join the rat race because Im not a rat. And I will not blindly follow a specific faith because Im not a bat. The only race Ill take part in is for humans being humane. Its called the human race, and sadly its got the least participants. Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem 
 The philosophers school, ye men, is a surgery: you ought not to go out of it with pleasure, but with pain. For you are not in sound health when you enter. Epictetus, The Discourses 
 A bridge of silver wings stretches from the dead ashes of an unforgiving nightmareto the jeweled vision of a life started anew. Aberjhani, Journey through the Power of the Rainbow: Quotations from a Life Made Out of Poetry 
 Thought is so cunning, so clever, that it distorts everything for its own convenience. Jiddu Krishnamurti, Freedom from the Known 
 Some want to live within the soundOf church or chapel bellI want to run a rescue shop,Within a yard of hell. C.T. Studd
 The brightest light casts the darkest shadow. Jess C. Scott, The Darker Side of Life 
 Never forget that there are only two philosophies to rule your life: the one of the cross, which starts with the fast and ends with the feast. The other of Satan, which starts with the feast and ends with the headache. Fulton J. Sheen, Seven Words of Jesus and Mary: Lessons from Cana and Calvary 
 Sometimes... Reason and Love are met with a violent ignorance that even whats right gets lost. Our heart bleeds, but when does the blood shed end and the healing begin? Solange nicole
 Some day people will ask me what is the key to my success...and I will simply say, good Karma. K. Crumley
 Violence begins with the fork. Mahatma Gandhi
 If everyone is a product of this society, who will say the things that need to be said, and do the things that need to be done, without compromise? Truth will never start out popular in a world more concerned with marketability than righteousness. It will initially suffer ridicule and even violence- yet ultimately it is undeniable. All of humanity is living in a dream world, but suffering real consequences. Lauryn Hill
 Economic power is exercised by means of a positive, by offering men a reward, an incentive, a payment, a value political power is exercised by means of a negative, by the threat of punishment, injury, imprisonment, destruction. The businessmans tool is values the bureaucrats tool is fear. Ayn Rand
 In societies where modern conditions of production prevail, all of life presents itself as an immense accumulation of spectacles. Everything that was directly lived has moved away into a representation. Guy Debord
 ... ... ... , Nachtkraut: Roman aus der Sahara 
 A nation is a detour of nature to arrive at five or six great men- yes, and then to get around them. Friedrich Nietzsche
 The most dangerous irony is, people are angry with others because of their own incompetence. Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words 
 A sign of a lover of wisdom is his delight in not running his mouth about things he doesnt know. Criss Jami, Diotima, Battery, Electric Personality 
 The aim of science is to seek the simplest explanations of complex facts. We are apt to fall into the error of thinking that the facts are simple because simplicity is the goal of our quest. The guiding motto in the life of every natural philosopher should be, Seek simplicity and distrust it. Alfred North Whitehead, The Concept of Nature: The Tarner Lectures Delivered in Trinity College, 111919 
 A writer is one who communicates ideas and emotions people want to communicate but arent quite sure how, or even if, they should communicate them. Criss Jami, Killosophy 
 Of Equality--as if it harmd me, giving others the same chances and rights as myself--as if it were not indispensable to my own rights that others possess the same. Walt Whitman, Leaves of Grass 
 There is no fate which cannot be surmounted by scorn. Albert Camus
 Its not oil that runs the world, its shame. Sherman Alexie, War Dances 
 You were free, you are free and you will be free. Santosh Kalwar
 And now we step to the rhythm of miracles.--from The Light, That Never Dies Aberjhani, Elemental: The Power of Illuminated Love 
 You know, I think that only if one feels immensely important can one feel truly light. Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged 
 wherever you find the greatest good, you will find the greatest evil, because evil loves paradise as much as good. Wallace Stegner, All the Little Live Things 
 Before this moment, I have never whished to be something other than what I am. Never felt so keenly the lack of hands with which to touch, the lack of arms whith which to hold.Why did they give me this sense of self? Why allow me the intellect by which to measure this complete inadequacy? I would rather be numb than stand here in the light of a sun that can never chase the chill away Amie Kaufman, Illuminae 
 Most of us try to do too much because we are secretly afraid we will not be able to do anything at all. Rick Aster, Fear of Nothing 
 We are supposed to call poison medicine and we wonder why were always sick. Stefan Molyneux
 When the Aggregates arise, decay and die, O bhikkhu, every moment you are born, decay, and die. Gautama Buddha
 What comes, is called. Ki Longfellow, Flow Down Like Silver: Hypatia of Alexandria 
 Windmill or no windmill, he said, life would go on as it had always gone on--that is, badly. George Orwell, Animal Farm 
 But only he who, himself enlightened, is not afraid of shadows. Immanuel Kant, An Answer to the Question: What Is Enlightenment? 
 Love taught me to die with dignity that I might come forth anew in splendor. Born once of flesh, then again of fire, I was reborn a third time to the sound of my name humming haikus in heavens mouth. Aberjhani, The River of Winged Dreams 
 The debate was wearing me out. Once youve posed that question, it wont go away. I think many people kill themselves simply to stop the debate about whether they will or they wont. Anything I thought or did was immediately drawn into the debate. Made a stupid remarkwhy not kill myself? Missed the busbetter put an end to it all. Even the good got in there. I liked that moviemaybe I shouldnt kill myself. Susanna Kaysen
 In the end, it is our defiance that redeems us. If wolves had a religion if there was a religion of the wolf that it is what it would tell us. Mark Rowlands, The Philosopher and the Wolf: Lessons from the Wild on Love, Death, and Happiness 
 Whoever wishes to become a philosopher must learn not to be frightened by absurdities. Bertrand Russell, The Problems of Philosophy 
 Men are made for happiness, and he who is completely happy has the right to say to himself, I am doing Gods will on earth. Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov 
 What is existence for but to be laughed at if men in their twenties have already attained the utmost? Sren Kierkegaard, EitherOr: A Fragment of Life 
 There are no bad words. Bad thoughts. Bad intentions, and wooooords. George Carlin
 There is no man, and no place, without war. The only thing we can do is choose a side, and fight. That is the only choice we get - who we fight for, who we fight against. That is life. Gregory David Roberts, Shantaram 
 Beauty as we feel it is something indescribable what it is or what it means can never be said. George Santayana
 I think it was the institution...I was trying to master it. E. Lockhart, The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks 
 The universe danced towards life. Life was a remarkably common commodity. Anything sufficiently complicated seemed to get cut in for some, in the same way that anything massive enough got a generous helping of gravity. The universe had a definite tendency towards awareness. This suggested a certain subtle cruelty woven into the very fabric of space-time. Terry Pratchett, Soul Music 
 We are citizens of the world. The tragedy of our times is that we do not know this. Woodrow Wilson
 All resistance is a rupture with what is. And every rupture begins, for those engaged in it, through a rupture with oneself. Alain Badiou, Metapolitics 
 Omnia vincit amor - Love conquers all Virgil
 With the truth, all given facts harmonize but with what is false, the truth soon hits a wrong note. Aristotle, The Nicomachean Ethics 
 Was I insane? Maybe. But then, there were many different kinds of insanity. Aunt Rose had always taken for granted that the whole world was in a state of constantly fluctuating madness, and that a neurosis was not an illness, but a fact of life, like pimples. Some have more, some have less, but only truly abnormal people have none at all. This commonsense philosophy had consoled me many times before, and it did now, too. Anne Fortier, Juliet 
 Atheism is a way of humility. Its to think oneself to be an animal, as we are actually and to allow oneself to become human. Andr Comte-Sponville, Presentations de La Philosophie 
 Why do we think love is a magician? Because the whole power of magic consists in love. The work of magic is the attraction of one thing by another because of a certain affinity of nature. Marsilio Ficino
 Cheapen words and theyll cheapen you Benny Bellamacina
 Unfortunately for the good sense of mankind, the fact of their fallibility is far from carrying the weight in their practical judgement, which is always allowed to it in theory for while every one well knows himself to be fallible, few think it necessary to take any precautions against their own fallibility. John Stuart Mill, On Liberty 
 Love life, Live Love Benny Bellamacina
 The wise man who has become accustomed to necessities knows better how to share with others than how to take from them, so great a treasure of self-sufficiency has he found. Epicurus, Epicurus: Letters, Principal Doctrines, and Vatican Sayings 
 The logical man must either deny all miracles or none. Charles Alexander Eastman, The Soul of the Indian 
 So, when on one side you hoist in Lockes head, you go over that way but now, on the other side, hoist in Kants and you come back again but in very poor plight. Thus, some minds for ever keep trimming boat. Oh, ye foolish! throw all these thunder-heads overboard, and then you will float light and right. Herman Melville, Moby-Dick or, The Whale 
 Education is meaningless without manners Benny Bellamacina, Piddly Poems for Children, v.2 
 In the beginners mind there are many possibilities, but in the experts there are few Shunryu Suzuki, Zen Mind, Beginners Mind: Informal Talks on Zen Meditation and Practice 
 Quote words that affirmall men and women are yourbrothers and sisters. Aberjhani, The River of Winged Dreams 
 I believe that the imagination is the passport we create to take us into the real world. I believe the imagination is another phrase for what is most uniquely us. John Guare, Six Degrees of Separation 
 Mere philosophy will not satisfy us. We cannot reach the goal by mere words alone. Without practice, nothing can be achieved. (3) Swami Satchidananda, The Yoga Sutras 
 An attempt to achieve the good by force is like an attempt to provide a man with a picture gallery at the price of cutting out his eyes. Ayn Rand
 Astonishment is the root of philosophy. Paul Tillich
 Vivo sin vivir en m... muero porque no muero. (I live without really being alive... I die because I am not dying.) Teresa of vila
 The story of terrorism is written by the state and it is therefore highly instructive compared with terrorism, everything else must be acceptable, or in any case more rational and democratic. Guy Debord, The Society of the Spectacle 
 O dear Pan and all the other gods of this place, grant that I may be beautiful inside. Let all my external possessions be in friendly harmony with what is within. May I consider the wise man rich. As for gold, let me have as much as a moderate man could bear and carry with him. Plato, Phaedrus 
 All beings so far have created something beyond themselves and do you want to be the ebb of this great flood and even go back to the beasts rather than overcome man? What is the ape to man? A laughingstock or a painful embarrassment. And man shall be just that for the overman: a laughingstock or a painful embarrassment Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra 
 All modern philosophizing is political, policed by governments, churches, academics, custom, fashion, and human cowardice, all off which limit it to a fake learnedness. Friedrich Nietzsche, Philosophy in the Tragic Age of the Greeks 
 The spread of evil is the symptom of a vacuum. Whenever evil wins, it is only by default: by the moral failure of those who evade the fact that there can be no compromise on basic principles. Ayn Rand
 The price youve paid is not the price of becoming human. Its not even the price of having the things you just mentioned. Its the price of enacting a story that casts mankind as the enemy of the world. Daniel Quinn, Ishmael:A Novel 
 We need to walk to know sacred places, those around us and those within. We need to walk to remember the songs. Joseph Bruchac
 As long as your ideas of whats possible are limited by whats actual, no other idea has a chance. Susan Neiman, Moral Clarity: A Guide for Grown-up Idealists 
 ... 
 People do not know how what is at variance agrees with itself. It is an attunement of opposite tensions, like that of the bow and the lyre. Heraclitus
 the exclusive worship of the bitch-goddess sucess is our national disease William James
 Think of me as an impetuous Hegel, drunk with power, and also, regular drunk. Eugene Mirman, The Will to Whatevs: A Guide to Modern Life 
 ...much theological discussion is wasted, not because the words used have no possible meaning, but because the people who use them dont mean anything by them. Rosemary Haughton, The Transformation of Man 
 A false-statement requires deceit and distortion for someone to buy it, but a truthful-statement sells itself. William Bailey, Great Ship of Knowledge: Learning Earths Deathly History 
 Absurdity is the ecstasy of intellectualism. Criss Jami, Salom: In Every Inch In Every Mile 
 Live like a tree, giving, forgiving and free. Debasish Mridha
 Language disguises thought. Ludwig Wittgenstein, Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus 
 The moon is the reflection of your heart and moonlight is the twinkle of your love. Debasish Mridha
 Happiness will grow if you plant the seeds of love in the garden of hope with compassion and care. Debasish Mridha
 This is your life, and its ending one minute at a time. Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club 
 I cannot encourage any fabrication even for the sake of making people feel good. If I were to fabricate consciously and knowingly, I would not only be ordaining myself their enemy, but also ordaining myself Gods enemy. Criss Jami, Killosophy 
 Nobody is good or bad. They are either strong or weak. Strong people stick to their morals, no matter what the trials and tribulations. Weak people, many a times, do not even realise how low they have fallen. Amish Tripathi, The Secret of the Nagas 
 He must not merely cling to life, for then he will be a coward, and will not escape. He must not merely wait for death, for then he will be a suicide, and will not escape. He must seek his life in a spirit of furious indifference to it. G.K. Chesterton, Orthodoxy 
 Poverty is a virtue which one can teach oneself. Diogenes of Sinope
 What are we doing to each other? Because I know that I am doing to him exactly what he is doing to me. We are sometimes so happy, and never in our lives have we known more unhappiness. Graham Greene, The End of the Affair 
 Never underestimate the power you have to take your life in a new direction. Germany Kent
 The perfect is the enemy of the good. Voltaire
 Faith in the possibilities of continued and rigorous inquiry does not limit access to truth to any channel or scheme of things. It does not first say that truth is universal and then add there is but one road to it. John Dewey, A Common Faith 
 Raise a smile and lower stress Benny Bellamacina
 You are not just for the right or left, but for what is right over the wrong. Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem 
 Saint Thomas Aquinas says, wisely, that the only way to drive out a bad passion is by a stronger good passion. The same is true of thoughts as of passions. When your mind wanders, like a child, your will must bring it back, like a mother. . . . The will-parent must discipline the mind-child, avoiding both the opposite extremes commonly made in disciplining either children or thoughts: tyranny or permissiveness. Peter Kreeft, Prayer for Beginners 
 Philosophy is not a spectator sport. Nigel Warburton, Philosophy 
 The last of the cherry blossom. On the tree, itturns ever more perfect. And when its perfect, it falls. And then of course once it hits theground it gets all mushed up. So its only absolutely perfect when its falling through the air,this way and that, for the briefest time!.!.!. David Mitchell
 When youve had one call after another and your little one is tugging on your shirt, remember what really matters. When the milk is splattered all over the floor and those little eyes are looking at you for your reaction, remember what really matters. It takes 5 minutes to clean up spilled milk it takes much longer to clean up a broken spirit. Rebecca Eanes, The Newbies Guide to Positive Parenting 
 You have to be an artist and a madman... Vladimir Nabokov, Lolita 
 Philosophy does not promise to secure anything external for man, otherwise it would be admitting something that lies beyond its proper subject-matter. For as the material of the carpenter is wood, and that of statuary bronze, so the subject-matter of the art of living is each persons own life. Epictetus
 Its not easy to write a poem about a poem. Dejan Stojanovic
 A sister is a dearest friend, a closest enemy, and an angel at the time of need. Debasish Mridha
 But time given to wishing for what cant be is not only spent, but wasted, and for all that we waste we shall be accountable. Penelope Fitzgerald
 Empty is the argument of the philosopher which does not relieve any human suffering. Epicurus
 There is no future without a past, because what is to be cannot be imagined except as a form of repetition. Siri Hustvedt, The Summer Without Men 
 You see, the deaf have an intimacy with silence. Its there in their dreams. Shane L. Koyczan
 If we are merely matter intricately assembled, is this really demeaning? If theres nothing here but atoms, does that make us less or does that make matter more? Carl Sagan, The Varieties of Scientific Experience: A Personal View of the Search for God 
 Every life is different because you passed this way and touched history. Barbara Kingsolver, The Poisonwood Bible 
 You are what your creators and experiences have made you, like every other being in this universe. Accept that and be done I tire of your whining. N.K. Jemisin, The Hundred Thousand Kingdoms 
 Where humanitysowed faith, hope, and unity, joys garden blossomed. Aberjhani, The River of Winged Dreams 
 You know, bicycling isnt just a matter of balance, I said. its a matter of faith. You can keep upright only by moving forward. You have to have your eyes on the goal, not the ground. Im going to call that the Bicyclists Philosophy of Life. Susan Vreeland, Clara and Mr. Tiffany 
 Those who meet Jesus always experience either joy or its opposites, either foretastes of Heaven or foretastes of Hell. Not everyone who meets Jesus is pleased, and not everyone is happy, but everyone is shocked. Peter Kreeft, Jesus-Shock 
 All men have their frailties and whoever looks for a friend without imperfections, will never find what he seeks. Cyrus the Great
 A stone is heavy and the sand is weighty but a fools wrath is heavier than them both. Frank Herbert, Dune 
 True knowledge exists in knowing that you know nothing. Socrates
 I think I exist, therefore I exist. I think. David Gerrold, The Man Who Folded Himself 
 Imagination is cheap as long as you dont have to worry about the details. Daniel C. Dennett, Freedom Evolves 
 It is closer to the truth to say that God is crazy than that God is reasonable. I suspect God merely smiles when someone calls him crazy, but shakes His head and frowns when someone calls Him reasonable. Peter Kreeft, Jesus-Shock 
 It is the man of science, eager to have his every opinion regenerated, his every idea rationalized, by drinking at the fountain of fact, and devoting all the energies of his life to the cult of truth, not as he understands it, but as he does not yet understand it, that ought properly to be called a philosopher. Charles Sanders Peirce
 Philosophy without action is the ruin of the soul. One brave deed is worth a hundred books, a thousand theories, a million words. Now as always we need heroes. And heroines! Down with the passive and the limp. Edward Abbey, Postcards from Ed: Dispatches and Salvos from an American Iconoclast 
 The price we have paid for expecting to be so much more than our ancestors is a perpetual anxiety that we are far from being all we might be. Alain de Botton
 Were prayers of murderers, when fighting on the right side of the war, ever heardlet alone answered? Kristina McMorris, Letters From Home 
 Theres no backward and no forward, no day other than this. You fill your cart as you go, and thats that. John Burnham Schwartz, Northwest Corner 
 Poetry and art nourish the soul of the world with the flavor-filled substances of beauty, wisdom and truth. Aberjhani, Journey through the Power of the Rainbow: Quotations from a Life Made Out of Poetry 
 Believe in human beings - not all are good, but deep down all can be. But that doesnt mean you need to hang around crappy people and try to turn them around. Jonas Eriksson
 Its not him whos disturbed. But he likes to disturb others--to shake them out of their rut. Jostein Gaarder, Sophies World 
 Be the kind of person who catches the shit before it hits the fan, not the one who scrapes it off afterwards. Jonas Eriksson, The Wake-Up Call 
 Snow floated down every once in a while, but it was frail snow, like a memory fading into the distance. Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle 
 Were on a planet, relax! Benny Bellamacina, Piddly Poems for Children, v.2 
 Make life easier by living in the present and believing in the future. Jonas Eriksson
 If you appreciate the small things, youre likely to get the big ones. Jonas Eriksson
 By the way, if you get mad at your Mac laptop and wonder who designed this demonic device, notice the manufacturers icon on top: an apple with a bite out of it. Peter Kreeft, Jesus-Shock 
 Slowly we became silent, and silence itself if an enemy to friendship. Norman Maclean, A River Runs Through It and Other Stories 
 A poet or philosopher should have no fault to find with his age if it only permits him to do his work undisturbed in his own corner nor with his fate if the corner granted him allows of his following his vocation without having to think about other people. Arthur Schopenhauer, The Art of Literature 
 It is more Important to be of pure intention than of perfect action. Ilyas Kassam
 My experience with forgiveness is that it sort of comes spontaneously at a certain point and to try to force it its not really forgiveness. Its Buddhist philosophy or something spiritual jargon that youre trying to live up to but youre just using it against yourself as a reason why youre not okay. Pema Chdrn
 Apocalypse is a frame of mind. Nicodemus said then. A belief. A surrender to inevitability. It is a despair for the future. It is the death of hope. Jim Butcher, Death Masks 
 Dont hate the media become the media. Jello Biafra, Become the Media 
 I realized that conservatism was the philosophy that best suited me, with its emphasis on individual liberty, personal responsibility, and merit. Mark R. Levin
 Many married women who have deliberately spurned the hour of childbearing are unhappy and frustrated. They never discovered the joys of marriage because they refused to surrender to the obligation of their state. In saving themselves, they lost themselves! Fulton J. Sheen, Seven Words of Jesus and Mary: Lessons from Cana and Calvary 
 Who we are now is all that really matters. Amy Joy, The Academie 
 If the emotions are free the intellect will look after itself A.S. Neill
 You think maybe if you just work harder and faster, you can hold off the chaos, but then one day youre changing a patio light bulb with a five-year life span and you realize how youll only be changing this light maybe ten more times before youll be dead. Chuck Palahniuk
 Love itself is what is left over when being in love has burned away, and this is both an art and a fortunate accident. Louis de Bernires, Corellis Mandolin 
 Charity is no substitute for justice withheld. Augustine of Hippo
 The most important thing about a technology is how it changes people. Jaron Lanier
 We love ourselves notwithstanding our faults, and we ought to love our friends in like manner. Cyrus the Great
 Irreverence is a most necessary ingredient of religion. Not to speak of its importance in philosophy. Irreverence is the only way left to us for testing our universe. Frank Herbert
 Kim olursak olalm, dnyann hangi yerinde yaarsak yaayalm, ta derinlerde bir yerde hepimiz bir eksiklik duygusu tamaktayz. Sanki temel bir eyimizi kaybetmiiz de geri alamamaktan korkuyoruz. Neyin eksik olduunu bilenimizde hakikaten ok az. Elif Shafak
 Like apes, we breed, sleep, and die. Yet like God we say, I am. We are ontological oxymorons. Peter Kreeft, Jesus-Shock 
 If the sum of living be loves fee,Tremble. You are my one eternity. Laura Benet
 The awful thing is that if i can forget theyre people, it will be no different at all Suzanne Collins
 If you cannot find an element of Humour in something, your not taking it seriously enough. Ilyas Kassam
 Life: It is better not to wrap philosophy around such an inconceivable evolving beautiful mystery. If based on perception, alone whatever the conclusion - it is still guessing. T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with The Divine Presence 
 Never let yourself be diverted, either by what you wish to believe, or what you think could have beneficent social effects if it were believed but look only and solely at what are the facts. Bertrand Russell
 In some remote corner of the universe, poured out and glittering in innumerable solar systems, there once was a star on which clever animals invented knowledge. That was the haughtiest and most mendacious minute of world history- yet only a minute. After nature had drawn a few breaths the star grew cold, and the clever animals had to die. Friedrich Nietzsche, On Truth and Untruth: Selected Writings 
 When your tears become invisible, disappear Benny Bellamacina
 Whats the survival value of obsessing on a sunset? Peter Watts, Blindsight 
 All is flux Heraclitus, The Fragments of the Work of Heraclitus of Ephesus on Nature with an Introduction Historical and Critical 
 We are seeds as well as parasites to the earth. We can either give or take, depending on our perception of growth. Zephyr McIntyre
 Free your mind from routine, keep your brain somewhere else Benny Bellamacina
 I learned a lesson today: never judge a person by the way they act, nor how they dress, or the way they have their disabilities. Because everyone on Earth suffers the same hell, whether in love or hate, life or death. Nandanie Phalgoo, Bodiless 
 You have made the moon, The Jester said. That is the moon. James Thurber, Many Moons 
 I Take Life Very Seriously: One Joke At A Time. Sandra Chami Kassis
 Such Excessive Preoccupation With The Faults Of Others Only Manages To Bring The Spotlight To Shine Bright On Whatever It Is You May Have Hiding Behind All Your Self Perceived Glory. Marcie Leeper
 In every ancient religious and sacred text, faith is a verb a thing to be demonstrated. It is in modern days that we have diluted faith from an act to a philosophy. Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience 
 Why is it so difficult for us to think in relative terms? Well, for the good reason that human nature loves absoluteness, and erroneously considers it as a state of higher knowledge. Felix Alba-Juez, Who was Right: Ptolemy or Copernicus? 
 Never let your uniqueness be compromised Benny Bellamacina
 , . Khaled Hosseini, The Kite Runner 
 Society can and does execute its own mandates: and if it issues wrong mandates instead of right, or any mandates at all in things with which it ought not to meddle, it practises a social tyranny more formidable than many kinds of political oppression... John Stuart Mill, On Liberty 
 We co-create our reality with others in unseen ways. Doug Dillon
 n clipa cnd i se impune s nu te gndeti la un lucru, te vei gndi doar la el, obsesiv. Interdicia devine obligaie. Jean-Claude Carrire, Nu sperai c vei scpa de cri 
 The command of our language is crucial to focusing our thoughts and communicating them with precision to others. Felix Alba-Juez, Galloping with Light - Einstein, Relativity, and Folklore 
 The best ship, the best culture, the best knowledge, is the one which allows us to go farther, explore more territories or oceans of reality, and have the least damaging leaks possible. Jesus Zamora Bonilla, Galloping with Light - Einstein, Relativity, and Folklore 
 Life is a complexwith real and imaginary parts Angela Suba, From My Pen, On Life 
 God created philosophy for all the intellects that got bored of hearing the same bible stories every Sunday. Shannon L. Alder
 True, life is complex. But so are a great many accidents. Foz Meadows, The Key to Starveldt 
 MIGHT, something God only has. A Gentlemen
 To be prepared against surprise is to be trained. To be prepared for surprise is to be educated. James P. Carse, Finite and Infinite Games: A Vision of Life as Play and Possibility 
 Men have such a good opinion of themselves, of their mental superiority and intellectual depth they believe themselves so skilled in discerning the true from the false, the path of safety from those of error, that they should be forbidden as much as possible the perusal of philosophic writings. 
 Flexibility makes buildings to be stronger, imagine what it can do to your soul. Carlos Barrios
 The more he identifies with the dominant images of need, the less he understands his own life and his own desires. The spectacles estrangement from the acting subject is expressed by the fact that the individuals gestures are no longer his own they are the gestures of someone else who represents them to him. Guy Debord, The Society of the Spectacle 
 The warrior learns of the spiritual realm by dwelling on the cutting edge of the sword, standing at the edge of the fire pit, venturing right up to the edge of starvation if necessary. Vibrant and intense living is the warriors form of worship. Stephen K. Hayes
 Society can and does execute its own mandates: and if it issues wrong mandates instead of right, or any mandates at all in things with it ought not to meddle, it practices a social tyranny more formidable than many kinds of political oppression, since, though not usually upheld by such extreme penalties, it leaves fewer means of escape, penetrating much more deeply into the details of life, and enslaving the soul itself. John Stuart Mill, On Liberty 
 Its ever been the way of the man of science or philosophy. Most folks stay in the dark and then complain they cant see nothing. Snipes (185) Ron Rash, Serena 
 A constitution that is made for all nations is made for none. Joseph de Maistre
 ...as I get older, I find myself insisting on my right to be philosophically sloppy. Helen Simonson, Major Pettigrews Last Stand 
 Definitions are the guardians of rationality, the first line of defense against the chaos of mental disintegration. Ayn Rand
 Reverence the highest, have patience with the lowest. Let this days performance of the meanest duty be thy religion. Are the stars too distant, pick up the pebble that lies at thy feet, and from it learn the all. Margaret Fuller
 Gods pleasure--the beauty creation possesses in his regard--underlies the distinct being of creation, and so beauty is the first and truest word concerning all that appears within being beauty is the showing of what is God looked upon what he had wrought and saw that it was good. David Bentley Hart, The Beauty of the Infinite: The Aesthetics of Christian Truth 
 The vivid force of his mind prevailed, and he fared forth far beyond the flaming ramparts of the heavens and traversed the boundless universe in thought and mind. Titus Lucretius Carus
 The ramdomness of events in the world is so lacking in logic that we give it names like destiny, fate, karma and kismat to deal with the irrationality of its sequence Anirban Bose, Bombay Rains, Bombay Girls 
 Whether a belief is considered to be a delusion or not depends partly upon the intensity with which it is defended, and partly upon the numbers of people subscribing to it. Anthony Storr, Feet of Clay: A Study of Gurus 
 Philosophy . . .consists chiefly in suggesting unintelligible answers to insoluble problems. Henry Adams, The Education of Henry Adams 
 There are no free lunches in philosophy any more than in real life. Jaegwon Kim, Mind in a Physical World: An Essay on the Mind-Body Problem and Mental Causation 
 Ltude du beau est un duel o lartiste crie de frayeur avant dtre vaincu. Charles Baudelaire, Petits Poemes En Prose 
 Philosophy, as we use the word, is a fight against the fascination which forms of expression exert upon us. Ludwig Wittgenstein, 
 THE PRESOCRATIC PROBLEMall snap flagsParmenides named his gun The Hot Power of the Stars. His gun was one, uncreated, imperishable, timeless, changeless, perfect, spherical. Spherical was the problem. Anne Carson, Decreation 
 Light in comparison with darkness is a void. Vladimir Nabokov
 Together, Light and Knowledge are Inanimate, Intangible, and Inseparable. William Bailey, Great Ship of Knowledge: Learning Earths Deathly History 
 People will not remember what you did for living,they will remember how you touched them with kindness and loving. Debasish Mridha
 Future is one of the wildest experiences that you will ever have. J.T.Abraham
 is postmodernity the pastime of an old man who scrounges in the garbage-heap of finality looking for leftovers, who brandishes unconsciousnesses, lapses, limits, confines, goulags, parataxes, non-senses, or paradoxes, and who turns this into the glory of his novelty, into his promise of change? Jean-Franois Lyotard
 There is a truth in Schopenhauers view that philosophy is an organism, and that a book on philosophy, with a beginning and end, is a sort of contradiction. ... In philosophy matters are not simple enough for us to say Lets get a rough idea, for we do not know the country except by knowing the connections between the roads. Ludwig Wittgenstein
 There is nothing more natural than to consider everything as starting from oneself, chosen as the center of the world one finds oneself thus capable of condemning the world without even wanting to hear its deceitful chatter. Guy Debord
 It is related that Sakyamuni the historical Buddha once dismissed as of small consequence a feat of levitation on the part of a disciple, and cried out in pity for a yogin by the river who had spent twenty years of his human existence learning to walk on water, when the ferryman might have taken him across for a small coin. Peter Matthiessen, The Snow Leopard 
 The easiest way to be reborn is to live and feel life everyday Munia Khan
 They Nazi captorshad more liberty, more options to choose from in their environment but he Viktor Frankl had more freedom, more internal power to exercise his options. Stephen R. Covey, The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People: Powerful Lessons in Personal Change 
 Share your love, share you happiness, care for others your wealth will be endless. Debasish Mridha
 The secret of happiness is love and secret of love is nonjudgmental care. Debasish Mridha
 Personally, I prefer Stevie Wonder, confessed the Chink, but what the hell. Those cowgirls are always bitching because the only radio station in the area plays nothing but polkas, but I say you can dance to anything if you really feel like dancing. To prove it, he got up and danced to the news. Tom Robbins, Even Cowgirls Get the Blues 
 Every man knows that he will die: and nobody believes it. On that paradox stand not only a host of religions but the entity of a sane being. John Myers Myers
 love as a passionit is our European specialtymust absolutely be of noble origin as is well known, its invention is due to the Provencal poet-cavaliers, those brilliant, ingenious men of the gai saber, to whom Europe owes so much, and almost owes itself. Friedrich Nietzsche, Beyond Good and Evil 
 How could someone possibly be that beautiful? She wondered for the hundred thousandth time. What higher power orchestrated such a perfect union of genes? Who decided that one single solitary soul deserved skin like that? It was so fundamentally unfair.(Chasing Harry Winston) Lauren Weisberger
 Etre dans le vent, cest avoir le destin des feuilles mortes. Jean Guitton
 Some of us are busy doing things some of us are busy complaining. Debasish Mridha
 Keinginan telah mengajarkan kepadamu betapa sia-sianya keinginan, penyesalan mengajarkan betapa sia-sianya penyesalan. Bersabarlah wahai kekeliruan, karena kami semua menjadi bagianmu. Bersabarlah wahai Ketidaksempurnaan, berkat engkaulah Kesempurnaan menyadari dirinya. Bersabarlah kemarahan, karena engkau tidak kekal abadi. Marguerite Yourcenar
 Maybe we should always start everything from the inside and work to the outside, and not from the outside to the inside. What dyou think? Aidan Chambers, Postcards from No Mans Land 
 Almost all arguments for skepticism make reference to seemingly ridiculous possibilitieswe are being deceived by an evil demon, life is just a dream, we are brains in vats. You might propose psychoanalysis, rather than philosophical reflection, for anyone who worries about these possibilities. Richard Feldman
 Good authors worry about genres great authors dont. Frank X. Gaspar
 If you want to bring the world closer to peace, be a peacemaker by creating peace whenever you can. If you find yourself engaged in an argument that only stirs anger in the heart, quickly make peace and carry on. Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem 
 ! Lawrence M. Krauss, A Universe from Nothing: Why There Is Something Rather Than Nothing 
 Most of the movies are working like, Information, cut, information, cut, information, cut and for them the information is just the story. For me, a lot of things are information - I try to involve, to the movie, the time, the space, and a lot of other things - which is a part of our life but not connecting directly to the story-telling. And Im working on the same way - information, cut, information, cut, but for me the information is not only the story. Bla Tarr
 Expressing doubt is how we begin a journey to discover essential truths. Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls 
 Our enemies are quite good for relentlessly keeping us sharp and on our toes. This especially goes for sincere philosophers. They use their enemies to challenge their arguments so that they can know the weak points in their own reasoning and how to argue for and strengthen their position. There are just none like ones enemies to always look for his mistakes and do it harder than anyone else. Criss Jami, Killosophy 
 I refuse to let the standards of evil people chip away at my capacity for integrity. Stefan Molyneux
 Those who make conversations impossible, make escalation inevitable. Stefan Molyneux
 Nothing, to my way of thinking, is a better proof of a well ordered mind than a mans ability to stop just where he is and pass some time in his own company. Seneca
 The sole philosophy open to those who doubt the possibility of truth is absolute silence -- even mental. Jacques Maritain, An Introduction to Philosophy 
 Perfection is something we should all strive for. Its a duty and a joy to perfect ones nature... The most difficult thing is love. A loveless, driving person that just competes in the rat race is far from perfection in my book. R.D. Laing
 Concerning Concealment as a symptom of love for Krsna:It has been stated, although Srimati Radharani developed a deep loving affection for Krsna, She hid Her attitude in the core of Her heart so that others could not detect Her actual condition. A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupda, Nectar of Devotion 
 Thus I assume that to each according to his threat advantage is not a conception of justice. John Rawls, A Theory of Justice 
 We did all the tourist crap, but I just wanted to sit in a cafe and watch people Sara Shepard, Ruthless 
 A life fueled by passions is like riding on the back of a dragon. Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem 
 Love is my inner strength and my power. Debasish Mridha
 Theres more to logic than identifying logical fallacies. Criss Jami, Killosophy 
 The ethos of redemption is realized in self-mastery, by means of temperance, that is, continence of desires. Pope John Paul II
 You must go on.I cant go on.Ill go on. Samuel Beckett, The Unnamable 
 I tried to think the same thought in as many different religions as possible, so the thought itself wouldnt be limited by any particular way of reasoning, the way words restrict -- the whole eskimo-seventeen-words-for-snow idea. Patricia Geary, Strange Toys 
 Art is whatever you can get away with. Marshall McLuhan, The Medium is the Massage 
 Pain may be the only reality but if mankind had any sense it would pursue the delusion called happiness. All the philosophers and poets who tell us that pain and suffering have a place and purpose in the cosmic order of things are welcome to them. They are frauds. We justify pain because we do not know what to make of it, nor do we have any choice but to bear it. Happiness alone can make us momentarily larger than ourselves. Kiran Nagarkar
 The true philosopher is a man who says All right, and goes to sleep in his armchair. P.G. Wodehouse, Mike at Wrykyn 
 I consider a dream like I consider a shadow, answered Caeiro, with his usual divine, unexpected promptitude. A shadow is real, but its less real than a rock. A dream is real if it werent, it wouldnt be a dream but less real than a thing. Thats what being real is like. lvaro de Campos
 For wordsmiths and masters of words, without necessarily being harsh with words, the words have a tendency to shoot straight to the hearts of people, and this either deeply touches them or deeply angers them. Like the apostles in all their loving controversies are those who are masters of words while combining this gift with truth. Criss Jami, Killosophy 
 Friendship is unnecessary, like philosophy like art... It has no survival value rather it is one of those things that give values to survival. Alice Duer Miller
 Be kind. It will reveal your true inner beauty. Debasish Mridha
 Be a worthy worker and work will come. Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words 
 After your death, you will be what you were before your birth. Arthur Schopenhauer
 One does what one is one becomes what one does. Robert Musil
 I wanted movement and not a calm course of existence. I wanted excitement and the chance to sacrifice myself for my love. I felt it in myself a superabundance of energy which found no outlet in our quiet life. Leo Tolstoy, Family Happiness 
 To be, or not to be: what a question! E.A. Bucchianeri, Faust: My Soul Be Damned for the World: Volume I 
 Its not about whether or not someone is a bigot, but whether or not the argument which that someone is arguing is worth being a bigot about. Criss Jami, Killosophy 
 Nobody can tell what is right and what is wrong what is righteous and what is evil. Even if there is a god and I had his teachings right before me, I would think it through and decide if that was right or wrong myself. Tsugumi Ohba, Death Note, Vol. 12: Finis 
 Nobody wants to believe that existence carries on without at least taking a stumble from their departure of this world. Nenia Campbell, Terrorscape 
 Any person who, with all the sincerity of heart, is in search for God, on land or in the sea, is worthy of respect. Riaz Ahmed Gohar Shahi, The Religion of God 
 The most unlucky generation is the one which couldnt produce a hero to look upto. Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words 
 Entertainment is temporary happiness, but the real happiness is permanent entertainment. Amit Kalantri
 The more details, depth and thought you put into your ideas the more valuable they become. Simon Zingerman, We All Need Heroes: Stories of the Brave and Foolish 
 A crude age. Peace is stabilized with cannon and bombers, humanity with concentration camps and pogroms. Were living in a time when all standards are turned upside-down, Kern. Today the aggressor is the shepherd of peace, and the beaten and hunted are the troublemakers of the world. Whats more, there are whole races who believe it! Erich Maria Remarque, Flotsam 
 Do you not think that God will protect us?No, he said flatly. My experience is that He rarely attends to the obvious. Philippa Gregory, Changeling 
 Miss Abbott, dont worry over me. Some people are born not to do things. Im one of them. E.M. Forster, Where Angels Fear to Tread 
 This sweet virginal primitive land will metaphorically breathe a sigh of relief --like a whisper of wind--when we are all and finally gone and the place and its creations can return to their ancient procedures unobserved and undisturbed by the busy, anxious, brooding consciousness of man. Edward Abbey, Desert Solitaire 
 It takes a well-spent lifetime, and perhaps more, to crystalize in us that for which we exist. Jean Toomer, Cane 
 This body is fragile. It is just flesh. Listen to the heartbeat. Life depends on the pumping of a muscle. Stephen Batchelor, Buddhism without Beliefs: A Contemporary Guide to Awakening 
 Let people be the pursuits of happiness, you be the pursuit of perfection. Amit Kalantri
 We are all dying to give our lives away to something, maybe. God or Satan, politics or grammar, topology or philately (...) To games or needles, to some other person. David Foster Wallace, Infinite Jest 
 It is now generally admitted, at any rate by philosophers, that the existence of a being having the attributes which define the god of any non-animistic religion cannot be demonstratively proved... All utterances about the nature of God are nonsensical. A.J. Ayer, Language, Truth, and Logic 
 Il y a les sachants et les savants: cest la mmoire qui fait les uns, cest la philosophie qui fait les autres. La philosophie ne sapprend pas la philosophie est la runion des sciences acquises au gnie qui les applique. Alexandre Dumas
 Later on in life, you expect a bit of rest, dont you? You think you deserve it. I did, anyway. But then you begin to understand that the reward of merit is not lifes business. Julian Barnes, The Sense of an Ending 
 The poetis the man of metaphor: while the philosopher is interested only in the truth of meaning, beyond even signs and names, and the sophist manipulates empty signsthe poet plays on the multiplicity of signifieds. Jacques Derrida
 We are all inventors, each sailing out on a voyage of discovery, guided each by a private chart, of which there is no duplicate. The world is all gates, all opportunities. Ralph Waldo Emerson
 To conquer oneself is the best and noblest victory to be vanquished by ones own nature is the worst and most ignoble defeat. Plato
 The man who has no tincture of philosophy goes through life imprisoned in the prejudices derived from common sense, from the habitual beliefs of his age or his nation, and from convictions which have grown up in his mind without the cooperation or consent of his deliberate reason. Bertrand Russell, The Problems of Philosophy 
 A lie never grows old. Sophocles, White Lies 
 Love as a concrete foundation for an authentically functional civilization requires the around-the-clock labors of forgiveness. Without it, Love fails, Friendship fails, Intelligence fails, Humanity: fails. Aberjhani, Journey through the Power of the Rainbow: Quotations from a Life Made Out of Poetry 
 Sometimes the sound of silence is the most deafening sound of all. K.L. Toth
 The cinema is truth 24 frames-per-second Jean-Luc Godard
 Freedom is an absolute state, there is no such thing as being half-free. Daniel Delgado F
 Despite its successes, in the end, philosophical thinking always falls short of its real goal. It involves both the wonder of aspiring toward the Truth and the distress of falling short of that Truth. In this way, philosophy can be characterized as wondrous distress. John Marmysz, The Path of Philosophy: Truth, Wonder, and Distress 
 Self-discipline is a form of freedom. Freedom from laziness and lethargy, freedom from expectations and demands of others, freedom from weakness and fear -- and doubt. H.A. Dorfman
 Their philosophers thinking is, in fact, far less a discovery than a re-recognizing, a remembering, a return and a home-coming to a far-off, ancient common-household of the soul, out of which those ideas formerly grew: philosophizing is so far a kind of atavism of the highest order. Friedrich Nietzsche, Beyond Good and Evil 
 Its not enough merely to exist. Every man has to seek in his own way to make his own self more noble and to relize his own true worth. Albert Schweitzer
 Life is like yoga the only way you can enjoy it is by relaxing into any position you happen to find yourself in. Jon Wakeham, Troubled Waters 
 Many waters cannot quench love, neither can floods drown it. What then kills love? Only this: Neglect. Jeanette Winterson, Written on the Body 
 For a game, you dont need a teacher. Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun 
 This is why they started us here so young: to give ourselves away before the age when the questions why and to what grow real beaks and claws. David Foster Wallace, Infinite Jest 
 There is no problem more difficult to solve than that created by ourselves. Felix Alba-Juez, Galloping with Sound - The Grand Cosmic Conspiracy 
 Love is the only weapon I have, I will defend with love, I will attack with love. Amit Kalantri
 Different languages, the same thoughts servant to thoughts and their masters. Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun 
 One must reach out and try to grasp this astonishing finesse, that the value of lif cannot be estimated. Friedrich Nietzsche, Twilight of the Idols 
 Those who do not think bout the future cannot have one. Michael J. Kami
 Never say no to now Benny Bellamacina, Piddly poems for children vol:3 
 According to the Buddhas teaching the beginning of the life-stream of living beings is unthinkable. THe believer in the creation of life by God may be astonished at this reply. But if you were to ask him What is the beginning of God? he would answer without hesitation God has no beginning, and he is not astonished at his own reply. Walpola Rahula, What the Buddha Taught: Revised and Expanded Edition with Texts from Suttas and Dhammapada 
 Ignore a person kill the person. M.Azeem Talib
 Knowledge becomes evil if the aim be not virtuous. Plato
 All the world is queer save thee and me, and even thou art a little queer. Robert Owen
 The greatest untold story is the evolution of God. G.I. Gurdjieff
 The mythology of your culture hums in your ears so constantly that no one pays the slightest bit of attention to it. Of course man is conquering space and the atom and the deserts and the oceans and the elements. According to your mythology, this is what he was BORN to do. Daniel Quinn, Ishmael:A Novel 
 The ways of fate are indeed hard to understand. If there is not some compensation hereafter, then the world is a cruel jest. Arthur Conan Doyle, The Case-Book of Sherlock Holmes 
 Question the answers, I repeated every class. Reevaluate your conclusions when the evidence changes. Craig M. Mullaney, The Unforgiving Minute: A Soldiers Education 
 Step out of my sunlight. Diogenes Lartius
 For others, in spite of myself, from myself. Emmanuel Levinas
 And now I see the face of god, and I raise this god over the earth, this god whom men have sought since men came into being, this god who will grant them joy and peace and pride. This god, this one word: I. Ayn Rand
 Moments are the elements of profit Karl Marx, Capital, Vol 1: A Critical Analysis of Capitalist Production 
 Unfortunately, religion often works to shrink and tame the very wild and mysterious forces that first drew our wonder. In the process of making the inexplicable safe for the masses, the possibilities for real illusion-piercing insight becomes reduced. One might say that they are only available to those who dare to ride the breaking crest of direct life-altering experience. Stephen K. Hayes
 The old man slowly raised himself from the piano stool, fixed those cheerful blue eyes piercingly and at the same time with unimaginable friendliness upon him, and said: Making music together is the best way for two people to become friends. There is none easier. That is a fine thing. I hope you and I shall remain friends. Perhaps you too will learn how to make fugues, Joseph. Hermann Hesse, The Glass Bead Game 
 It would be, for me, mere pointless pleasure, an illusion of order for this one frail, foolish, flicker-flash in the long dull fall of eternity. John Gardner, Grendel 
 There is a danger there - a very real danger to humanity. Consider, Watson, that the material, the sensual, the worldly would all prolong their worthless lives. The spiritual would not avoid the call to something higher. It would be the survival of the least fit. What sort of cesspool may not our poor world become? Arthur Conan Doyle, The Casebook of Sherlock Holmes 
 As long as a man had the courage to reject what society told him to do, he could live life on his own terms. To what end? To be free. But free to what end? To read books, to write books, to think. Paul Auster, The Brooklyn Follies 
 This is the best thing to wear for today, you understand. Because I dont like women in skirts and the best thing is to wear pantyhose or some pants under a short skirt, I think. Then you have the pants under the skirt and then you can pull the stockings up over the pants underneath the skirt. And you can always take off the skirt and use it as a cape. So I think this is the best costume for today. Edith Bouvier Beale
 Aristotle may be regarded as the cultural barometer of Western history. Whenever his influence dominated the scene, it paved the way for one of historys brilliant eras whenever it fell, so did mankind. Ayn Rand
 I dont know whether this world has a meaning that transcends it. But I know that I cannot know that meaning and that it is impossible for me just now to know it. Albert Camus
 ...convinced that in trying to please all, he had pleased none, and had lost his ass into the bargain. Aesop
 The world was floods above and fire below Gregory Maguire, Wicked: The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West 
 Philosophy cannot and should not give us an account of faith, but should understand itself and know just what it has indeed to offer, without taking anything away, least of all cheating people out of something by making them think it is nothing. Sren Kierkegaard
 The longing for Paradise is mans longing not to be man. Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being 
 In the Kamigata area, they have a sort of tiered lunchbox they use for a single day when flower viewing. Upon returning, they throw them away, trampling them underfoot. The end is important in all things. Tsunetomo Yamamoto, Hagakure: The Book of the Samurai 
 We have now sunk to a depth at which restatement of the obvious is the first duty of intelligent men. George Orwell
 Your principle should be to see everything and say nothing. The world changes so rapidly that if you want to get on you cannot afford to align yourself with any person or point of view. Khushwant Singh
 For I have trained myself and am training myself always to be able to dance lightly in the service of thought Sren Kierkegaard
 Once someone asked me, What do you want to be your epitaph? So I said, Paulo Coelho died when he was alive. Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist 
 If by any chance a playwright wishes to express a political opinion or a moral opinion or a philosophy, he must be a good enough craftsman to do it with so much spice of entertainment in it that the public get the message without being aware of it. Nol Coward, A Talent To Amuse: A Biography Of Nol Coward 
 There is desire in the perfect, beauty in the imperfect.Thus I lust over the flawless,and fall amorously forceless to the flawed. Ilyas Kassam, Reminiscence of the Present: Spiritual Encounters of the Analytically Insane 
 Man is an end in himself. Ayn Rand
 Logic in all its infinite potential, is the most dangerous of vices. For one can always find some form of logic to justify his action, and rest comfortably in the assurance, that what he did abides by reason. That is why, for us brittle beings, Intention is the only true weapon of peace. Ilyas Kassam
 that you would not anticipate misery since the evils you dread as coming upon you may perhaps never reach you at least they are not yet come Thus some things torture us more than they ought, some before they ought and some which ought never to torture us at all. We heighten our pain either by presupposing a cause or anticipation Seneca, Letters from a Stoic 
 Visible objects therefore do not perish utterly, since nature repairs one thing from another and allows nothing to be born without the aid of anothers death. Titus Lucretius Carus
 An over examination of life can deter you from life itself Ilyas Kassam
 Staring at a world too horrible to comprehend, believing -- by dint of ignorance and innocence -- that beneath this unbearable contract of guilt and blame there is always an older contract that may bind and release in a more salutary way. Gregory Maguire, Wicked: The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West 
 The best way to have a good idea is to have a lot of ideas. Linus Pauling
 Compassion is the basis of all morality Arthur Schopenhauer
 An intelligent man is one who acknowledges his intelligence as that of those who surround him. Ilyas Kassam
 When you cant get what you want, get what you need Benny Bellamacina
 To question reason is to trust it. Mitch Stokes
 If your dreams are to hard to achieve, just achieve Benny Bellamacina, Piddly Poems for Children, v.2 
 My world is about stories that entertain emotions that move people youll remember literature that matters. M.G. Crisci
 There are two ways of constructing a piece of software: One is to make it so simple that there are obviously no errors, and the other is to make it so complicated that there are no obvious errors. Tony Hoare
 The Getsmart PrayerI do my laundry and you do yours,I am not in this life to listen to your ceaseless yammering,And you are not in this world for any discernable reason at all.You are you, and I am I, and I got the better deal.And if by chance we find each other, it will be unspeakably tedious.Fuck off. Jon Carroll
 Imprisoning philosophy within the professionalizations and specializations of an institutionalized curriculum, after the manner of our contemporary European and North American culture, is arguably a good deal more effective in neutralizing its effects than either religious censorship or political terror Alasdair MacIntyre, Edith Stein: A Philosophical Prologue, 1913-1922 
 Rien ne sert de courir il faut partir point Jean de La Fontaine, The Fables of La Fontaine 
 In so far as the culture industry arouses a feeling of well-being that the world is precisely in that order suggested by the culture industry, the substitute gratification which it prepares for human beings cheats them out of the same happiness which it deceitfully projects. Theodor W. Adorno
 There is a perennial classical question that asks which part of the motorcycle, which grain of sand in which pile, is the Buddha. Obviously to ask that question is to look in the wrong direction, for the Buddha is everywhere. But just as obviously to ask the question is to look in the right direction, for the Buddha is everwhere. Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values 
 If I could put it into a very few words, dear sir, I should say that our prevalent belief is in moderation. We inculcate the virtue of avoiding excesses of all kindseven including, if you will pardon the paradox, excess of virtue itself. James Hilton, Lost Horizon 
 I never could read Foucault. I find philosophy tedious. All of my knowledge comes from reading novels and some history. I read Being and Nothingness and realized that I remembered absolutely nothing when I finished it. I used to go to the library every day and read every day for eight hours. Id dropped out of high school and had to teach myself. I read Sartre without any background. I just forced myself and I learned nothing. Michael Gira
 Whatever their future, at the dawn of their lives, men seek a noble vision of mans nature and of lifes potential. Ayn Rand
 Perhaps what is inexpressible (what I find mysterious and am not able to express) is the background against which whatever I could express has its meaning. Ludwig Wittgenstein, Culture and Value 
 For a long time now a hint of aversion had lain on everything he did and experienced, a shadow of impotence and loneliness, an all-encompassing distaste for which he could not find the complementary inclination. He felt at times as though he had been born with a talent for which there was at present no objective. Robert Musil, The Man Without Qualities: Vol. 1 
 The progress of the world can certainly never come at all save by the modified action of the individual beings who compose the world. George Eliot
 Business people - Your business - is your greatest prejudice: it ties you to your locality, to the company you keep, to the inclinations you feel. Diligent in business - but indolent in spirit, content with your inadequacy, and with the cloak of duty hung over this contentment: that is how you live, that is how you want your children to live! Friedrich Nietzsche, Daybreak: Thoughts on the Prejudices of Morality 
 When two creatures meet, the one that is able to intimidate its opponent is recognized as socially superior, so that a social decision does not always depend on a fight an encounter in some circumstances may be enough. Hediger
 The world is a garden of philosophy. God is its gardener Man is the visitor.And any tree that does not bear fruits of philosophy either does not belong tothat garden or is yet to be grown. Kedar Joshi
 I would rather be an opportunist and float than go to the bottom with my principles around my neck. Stanley Baldwin
 Would Crazy Horse have spent this much to remodel a kitchen? Ian Frazier, On the Rez 
 What is humor? one of their professors had posed, and he had answered, nondangerous, unexpectedly inappropriate juxtaposition. Sena Jeter Naslund, Four Spirits 
 We are the lucky ones for we shall die, as there is an infinite number of possible forms of DNA all but a few billions of which will never burst into consciousness. Frank Close, The Void 
 Sublime natures are seldom clean! Longinus, Longinus on the Sublime: The Greek Text 
 Perhaps in his loneliness he had acquired the silent conviction that he was the last, the one, the only. And, being the last, he ceased to be Benjamin, becoming Israel. And upon his heart had settled the history of five thousand years, no longer remote, but become as the history of his own lifetime. His I was the converse of the imperial We. Walter M. Miller Jr., A Canticle for Leibowitz 
 If we try to measure Now, we find its always gone, has become part of the past. Aidan Chambers, The Toll Bridge 
 I man is a prisoner of only his own mind. Michael Hawkins
 If i had it all to do again there would be more bodies. Phil Baker
 Genius is measured not by static volume but by kinetic vision. Rich DiSilvio
 He who writes well runs the civilization. Everyone else does the grunt work. Kenneth W. Harl
 She wondered which was worseliving your whole life staring at yourself or waiting your whole life for someone to stare back at you. Angela Lam (Turpin)
 Philosophy is one reason which could lead to death. Santosh Kalwar
 This intriguing somewhere else, where intelligence no longer matters and awareness melts away, commands us to cherish our remains of innocence -- because of all the characteristics of human nature, the richest by far is passion for the perfectly useless. Hans W. Silvester, Into the Wind: The Art of the Kite 
 At sunrise everything is luminous but not clear. Norman Maclean, A River Runs Through It and Other Stories 
 Yet even in the loneliness of the canyon I knew there were others like me who had brothers they did not understand but wanted to help. We are probably those referred to as our brothers keepers, possessed of one of the oldest and possible one of the most futile and certainly one of the most haunting instincts. It will not let us go. Norman Maclean, A River Runs Through It and Other Stories 
 The maturity of manthat means, to have reacquired the seriousness that one had as a child at play Friedrich Nietzsche, Beyond Good and Evil 
 The most total opposite of pleasure is not pain but boredom, for we are willing to risk pain to make a boring life interesting. Peter Kreeft, Jesus-Shock 
 Everything smaller than Heaven bores us because only Heaven is bigger than our hearts. Peter Kreeft, Jesus-Shock 
 But understanding will always require some effort. You probably wouldnt admire a friend who was good at everything if it cost her no effort. Jostein Gaarder, Sophies World 
 I should attempt to treat human vice and folly geometrically... the passions of hatred, anger, envy, and so on, considered in themselves, follow from the necessity and efficacy of nature... I shall, therefore, treat the nature and strength of the emotion in exactly the same manner, as though I were concerned with lines, planes, and solids. Baruch Spinoza, Ethics 
 You can recognize a small truth because its opposite is a falsehood. The opposite of a great truth is another truth. Niels Bohr
 Ben, if you get pee in my brand-new car, I am going to cut your balls off.Still peeing, Ben looks over at me smirking. Youre gonna need a hell of a big knife, bro. John Green, Paper Towns 
 A hydrogen atom in a cell at the end of my nose was once part of an elephants trunk. A carbon atom in my cardiac muscle was once in the tail of a dinosaur. Jostein Gaarder, Sophies World 
 Without man and his potential for moral progress, the whole of reality would be a mere wilderness, a thing in vain, and have no final purpose. Immanuel Kant, Perpetual Peace 
 There is no sickness worse for me than words that to be kind must lie. Aeschylus
 The gods are fond of the cryptic and dislike the evident. Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love 
 It is quite true what Philosophy says: that Life must be understood backwards. But that makes one forget the other saying: that it must be livedforwards. The more one ponders this, the more it comes to mean that life in the temporal existence never becomes quite intelligible, precisely because at no moment can I find complete quiet to take the backward- looking position. Sren Kierkegaard, The Diary Of Soren Kierkegaard 
 Only God may be adored, because only God is unlimited goodness, truth, and beauty, and thus only God deserves unlimited love. Peter Kreeft, Jesus-Shock 
 When the road ahead seems impossible, start the engine Benny Bellamacina, Piddly Poems for Children 
 One of the professors told me last week that he feels bad teaching with the way the economy is now. Whats the point? he said. Kids arent getting jobs. You never hear faculty talk that way. He did. Daniel Amory, Minor Snobs 
 An apple a day keeps the doctor away. But eating too many, is quite enough-plenty. And youll have to go see the good doc anyway. Solange nicole
 As individuals express their life, so they are. Karl Marx, The German Ideology 
 Of course theres a risk that that could happen, but what is the alternative? To never allow myself to get close to anyone ever again? Never know the joy of loving someone for fear that it could end up in tears? My heart might stay safe, but it wouldnt be much of a life. Chantelle Shaw, The Ultimate Risk 
 I believe that just because something didnt go the way you planned it once, its no reason not to try again. Chantelle Shaw, The Ultimate Risk 
 ...even nursery tales only echo an almost pre-natal leap of interest and amazement. These tales say that apples were golden only to refresh the forgotten moment when we found that they were green. They make rivers run with wine only to make us remember, for one wild moment, that they run with water. G.K. Chesterton, Orthodoxy 
 For me, writing is immortality. It is wisdom. It is never-ending. Al Stone
 Cinta memperindah hidup kita sebab pengalaman cinta pada dasarnya indah dan memperindah seluruh semesta. Mencintai seseorang atau sesuatu berarti mengabdikan yang tidak abadi, memuliakan yang tidak bermoral, meninggikan yang rendah, dan memperindah yang buruk rupa. Apapun yang terlihat oleh mata yang menatap penuh cinta selalu kelihatan cantik, selalu indah di mata - Pitirim Sorokin A.M. Krich, Anatomi Cinta 
 In philosophy it is always good to put a question instead of an answer to a question. For an answer to the philosophical question may easily be unfair disposing of it by means of another question is not. Ludwig Wittgenstein
 Let no one delay the study of philosophy while young nor weary of it when old. Epicurus
 We see a lot of feature-driven product design in which the cost of features is not properly accounted. Features can have a negative value to customers because they make the products more difficult to understand and use. We are finding that people like products that just work. It turns out that designs that just work are much harder to produce that designs that assemble long lists of features. Douglas Crockford, JavaScript: The Good Parts 
 At the heart of natures mystery lies another mystery. Ransom Riggs, Hollow City 
 Brahman is the ultimate reality it is simultaneously Saguna and Nirguna divisions are due to ignorance. Mind and intellect can never catch hold of it they have only one option and that is to merge with it. Amit Ray
 We kill, kill, kill. Flesh, spirit, whatever gets in our way. Its like our whole purpose is to extinguish life. And for those who live, theres memory, like a curse. Were such a mixture of frailty and cruelty. Douglas Clegg
 A true confession: I believe in a soluble fish. Charles Simic, The Unemployed Fortune-Teller: Essays and Memoirs 
 Every new day is an opportunity to grow your love. Debasish Mridha
 Piety, then, is that which is dear to the gods, and impiety is that which is not dear to them. Plato, Euthyphro. Apology. Crito. Phaedo. Phaedrus. 
 You need contradictions to make an ideal. Alex Shakar, The Savage Girl 
 Because this is another thing your average American man in crisis does: he tries to go home, forgetting, momentarily, that he is the reason he left home in the first place, that the home is not his anymore, and that the crisis is him. Brock Clarke, An Arsonists Guide to Writers Homes in New England 
 We all of us complain of the shortness of time, saith Seneca, and yet have much more than we know what to do with. Our lives, says he, are spent either in doing nothing at all, or in doing nothing to the purpose, or in doing nothing that we ought to do: we are always complaining our days are few, and acting as though there would no end of them.- On the Right Use of Time Joseph Addison
 As long as there is institutional inequality, hell, naw we cant all get along! M.G. Hardie, Everyday Life 
 After a dream like that, youre grateful that it was just a dream, that no matter how bad your actual life, it couldnt be worse than your dream life. Brock Clarke, An Arsonists Guide to Writers Homes in New England 
 Pay attention to me. Sally Quinn
 Angka dua untuk daya yang dikenal sebagai Yin dan Yang - setara dan berlawanan mereka menyatukan alam semesta ini bersama-sama (Putri Yangxin-Garden of The Purple Dragon) Carole Wilkinson
 True beauty is measured by the number of pearls within you, not those around your neck. Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem 
 Life is what you portrait it! Mohammad Hossein Khosh Bayan
 For in this Case, we are not to give Credit to the Many, who say, that none ought to be educated but the Free but rather to the Philosophers, who say, that the Well-educated alone are free. Epictetus, All the Works of Epictetus 
 How to be good at something. Firstly, learn on how it is done. Secondly, learn how others do it.Then do it your own way. Kyos Magupe
 Great losses are great lessons. Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words 
 The ultimate goal of humanity is knowledge. Abhijit Naskar
 To lovers there.Most ladies the reason they are dumped and their relationship doesnt last is they made themselves to become a want than a need in a relationship. Kyos Magupe
 I bargained with Life for a penny,And Life would pay no more, However I begged at eveningWhen I counted my scanty storeFor Life is just an employer,He gives you what you ask,But once you have set the wages,Why, you must bear the task.I worked for a menials hire,Only to learn, dismayed,That any wage I had asked of Life,Life would have paid. Jessie B. Rittenhouse
 The best ideas will eat at you for days, maybe even weeks, until something, some incident, some impulse, triggers you to finally express them. Criss Jami, Killosophy 
 The Shadow-maker shapes forever. Lafcadio Hearn
 With a philosophy education, one can infuriate his peers, intimidate his date, think of obscure, unreliable ways to make money, and never regret a thing. Criss Jami, Diotima, Battery, Electric Personality 
 Violence is spiritual junk food, and boredom is spiritual anorexia. Peter Kreeft, Jesus-Shock 
 Reason is the power or capacity whereby we see or detect logical relationships among propositions. Alvin Plantinga, Warranted Christian Belief 
 The bird of paradise alights only upon the hand that does not grasp. John Berry
 Time is just quantified eternity. Deepak Chopra, The Way of the Wizard: Twenty Spiritual Lessons for Creating the Life You Want 
 This is the concentration camp and crematorium at Auschwitz. This is where people were turned into numbers. Into this pond were flushed the ashes of some four million people. And that was not done by gas. It was done by arrogance. It was done by dogma. It was done by ignorance. When people believe that they have absolute knowledge, with no test in reality, this is how they behave. Jacob Bronowski, The Ascent of Man 
 Did you have a rough month? I did :( but, you know what? Theres no time to dwell on a missed opportunity or worry about what I shouldve done or said, beating myself up & making myself miserable about my mistakes. That doesnt work. So will take notes from that, put it behind me, move on & finish the year STRONG Pablo
 Because in some other universe, you are me, I am you, and we are perfectly happy together. Or perhaps not and just like this Abhimanyu Jha, A Dilli-Mumbai Story ...when Love Won Over Terror 
 Molecules dissolve and pass away, but consciousness survives the death of the matter on which it rides. Deepak Chopra, The Way of the Wizard: Twenty Spiritual Lessons for Creating the Life You Want 
 God gives us not only the truth but also the ability to believe it not only the new thing to see but also the new eye to see it with. Peter Kreeft, Jesus-Shock 
 I believe in spectacles, but I think eyes necessary too. John Stuart Mill
 O philosophy, lifes guide! O searcher-out of virtue and expeller of vices! What could we and every age of men have been without thee? Thou hast produced cities thou hast called men scattered about into the social enjoyment of life. Marcus Tullius Cicero
 There is something almost shocking in the notion of so chaste a function carrying this Kantian hurlyburly in her womb. William James, The Principles of Psychology, Vol 1 
 The scepticism which men affect towards their higher inspirations is often not an honest doubt, but a guilty negligence, and is a sign of narrow mind and defective wisdom. James Martineau, Tides of the Spirit: Selections from the Writings of James Martineau 
 religion, the most powerful of the elements which have entered into the formation of moral feeling, having almost always been governed either by the ambition of a hierarchy, seeking control over every department of human conduct, or by the spirit of Puritanism. John Stuart Mill
 So he came to realize that learning a language was perhaps the most profound thing a man could do. Not only did it require wrapping different sounds around the very movement of your soul, it involved learning things somehow already known, as though much of what he was somehow existed apart from him. A kind of enlightenment accompanied these first lessons, a deeper understanding of self. R. Scott Bakker, The Judging Eye 
 The church has never been asked to explain anything, our speciality, along with ballistics, has always been the neutralisation of the overly curious mind through faith. Jos Saramago
 If those at your top are weak, your bottom will be rotten Benny Bellamacina, The King of Rhyme 
 aquele que quer responder s injrias com o dio vive na tristeza ou na mgoa, aquele que quer vencer o dio com o amor combate alegremente e sem temor. Triunfa tanto sobre um grande nmero de inimigos quanto sobre um nico, prescindindo de todo socorro da fortuna. Aqueles a quem ele consegue vencer ficam alegres por terem sido derrotados e, derrotados, eles no so menos fortes ao contrrio, so mais fortes. Baruch Spinoza
 Though all men be equally frail before the world, the differences between them are terrifying. R. Scott Bakker, The Darkness That Comes Before 
 The philosophers write about things as they are and as they appear to be, but as an artist I find that appearance is everything. Gary Inbinder, The Flower to the Painter 
 Il faut que lhomme svade de cette lice ridicule quon lui a faite: le prtendu rel actuel avec la perspective dun rel futur qui ne vaille gure mieux. Chaque minute pleine porte en elle-mme la ngation de sicles dhistoire boitillante et casse. Ceux qui il appartient de faire virevolter ces huit flamboyants au-dessus de nous ne le pourront quavec de la sve pure. Manifestes du surralisme Andr Breton
 Love gives you eyes. Peter Kreeft, Jesus-Shock 
 Your educators can only be your liberators. Friedrich Nietzsche, Untimely Meditations 
 If chance be the Father of all flesh, Disaster is his rainbow in the sky, And when you hear State of Emergency! Sniper Kills Ten! Troops on Rampage! Whites go Looting! Bomb Blasts School! It is but the sound of man worshiping his maker. Steve Turner, Poems 
 He was still thoughtful. Do you think any of us ever really knows anyone? Philosophy, Lord Dryden? And yet its daylight and everyone is still sober. Julie Anne Long, How the Marquess Was Won 
 Socrates himself said, One thing only I know, and this is that I know nothing. Remember this statement, because it is an admission that is rare, even among philosophers. Moreover, it can be so dangerous to say in public that it can cost you your life. The most subversive people are those who ask questions. Giving answers is not nearly as threatening. Any one question can be more explosive than a thousand answers. Jostein Gaarder, Sophies World 
 One says the things which one feels the need to say, and which the other will not understand: one speaks for oneself alone. Marcel Proust
 What matters creative endless toil, When, at a snatch, oblivion ends the coil? Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Faust: Der Tragdie erster und zweiter Teil. Urfaust 
 It is just as crazy not to be crazy about Christ as it is to be crazy about anything else. Peter Kreeft, Jesus-Shock 
 It is reasonable to love the Absolute absolutely for the same reason it is reasonable to love the relative relatively. Peter Kreeft, Jesus-Shock 
 The only debatable issue, it seems to me, is whether it is more ridiculous to turn to experts in social theory for general well-confirmed propositions, or to the specialists in the great religions and philosophical systems for insights into fundamental human values. Noam Chomsky, The Essential Chomsky 
 The philosopher is a person who refuses no pleasures which do not produce greater sorrows, and who knows how to create new ones. Giacomo Casanova
 Lifes like a painters palette, just when youve got everything worked out the colours change Benny Bellamacina, Piddly Poems for Children 
 People are, generally speaking, either dead certain or totally indifferent (Both types are crawling around deep down in the rabbits fur!) Jostein Gaarder, Sophies World 
 What is left when honor is lost? Publilius Syrus
 Yesterday misspent cant be recalldVanity makes beauty contemptibleWisdom is more valuable than riches. Abraham Verghese, Cutting for Stone 
 Things which are accidentally the causes either of hope or fear are called good or evil omens. Baruch Spinoza
 Sometimes the only way to succeed is to fail backwards Benny Bellamacina, The King of Rhyme 
 FRANCISCUS: How sweetly she looks! Oh, but theres a wrinkle in her brow as deep as philosophy. Thomas Middleton, The Changeling 
 ...the fundamental things in a man are not the things he explains, but rather the things he forgets to explain. G.K. Chesterton, The Superstition of Divorce 
 What i took away from witnessing the broken climbers in Moshi was this: Everything is easy until it isnt. Josh Gates, Destination Truth: Memoirs of a Monster Hunter 
 Any fool can see the limits of seeing, but not even the wisest know the limits of knowing. Thus is ignorance rendered invisible, and are all Men made fools. R. Scott Bakker, The White Luck Warrior 
 But here steps in Satan, the eternal rebel, the first freethinker and the emancipator of worlds. He makes man ashamed of his bestial ignorance and obedience he emancipates him, stamps upon his brow the seal of liberty and humanity, in urging him to disobey and eat of the fruit of knowledge. Bakunin, Mikhail Aleksandrovich
 Hey, I am thinking of it myself, in this part of world (East), we all do endeavors in praying and are sweating (white liquid) and this is our situation, frustrated , but on the other part of world (West) ,they are enjoying in party and drinking liquor (white liquid) but their situation is that, successful, I do not know that the problem relates to the type of liquid or the way of drinking!! Ali Shariati
 Giving is the only way of taking part Benny Bellamacina
 Le bonheur, cest continuer dsirer ce que lon a dj. Augustine of Hippo
 Philosophizing is simply one way of being afraid, a cowardly pretense that doesnt get you anywhere. Louis-Ferdinand Cline, Journey to the End of the Night 
 To sum it all up, the Ayn Rand belief system looks like this:1. Facts are facts: things can be absolutely right or absolutely wrong, as determined by reason.2. According to my reasoning, I am absolutely right.3. Charity is immoral.4. Pay for your own fucking schools. Matt Taibbi, Griftopia: Bubble Machines, Vampire Squids, and the Long Con That Is Breaking America 
 Observe the movements of the stars as if you were running their courses with them, and let your mind constantly dwell on the changes of the elements into each other. Such imaginings wash away the filth of life on the ground. Marcus Aurelius, Meditations 
 See the moon? It hates us. Donald Barthelme
 Theology, philosophy, metaphysics, and quantum physics are merely ways for God to have his smart people believe in him Jeremy Aldana
 Philosophy ought to question the basic assumptions of the age. Thinking through, critically and carefully, what most of us take for granted is, I believe, the chief task of philosophy, and the task that makes philosophy a worthwhile activity. Peter Singer, Animal Liberation 
 Suicidal glory is the luxury of the irresponsible. Lois McMaster Bujold, Barrayar 
 In the liquid amber within the ivory porcelain, the initiated may touch the sweet reticence of Confucius, the piquancy of Laotse, and the ethereal aroma of Sakyamuni himself. Kakuz Okakura, The Book of Tea 
 A scientist may not be sure of the answer, but hes often sure he can find one. And thats a condition which is clearly not enjoyed by philosophy. B.F. Skinner, Walden Two 
 I had a microscopic eye for the blemish, for the grain of ugliness which to me constituted the sole beauty of the object. Henry Miller, Tropic of Capricorn 
 Civilization is only possible for deeply unpleasant animals. It is only an ape that can be truly civilized. Mark Rowlands, The Philosopher and the Wolf: Lessons from the Wild on Love, Death, and Happiness 
 In my hearts most secret place,I pity them as angels do. Sara Teasdale
 You cannot be buried in obscurity: you are exposed upon a grand theater to the view of the world. If your actions are upright and benevolent, be assured they will augment your power and happiness. Cyrus the Great
 It is suicide to be abroad. But what it is to be at home, ... what it is to be at home? A lingering dissolution. Samuel Beckett, All That Fall and Other Plays for Radio and Screen 
 Words are made for a certain exactness of thought, as tears are for a certain degree of pain. What is least distinct cannot be named what is clearest is unutterable. Ren Daumal, A Night of Serious Drinking 
 Islam deals not only with what man must and must not do, but also with what he needs to know. In other words, Islam is both a way of acting and doing things and a way of knowing. Osman Bakar, Tawhid and Science 
 In the name of Bacon will you chicken me up that egg.Shall I swallow cave-phantoms? Samuel Beckett, Collected Poems in English and French 
 Laughter is the antidote to existential pain S. Spencer Baker, Slabscape: Reset 
 Metaphysics means nothing but an unusually obstinate effort to think clearly. The fundamental conceptions of psychology are practically very clear to us, but theoretically they are very confused, and one easily makes the obscurest assumptions in this science without realizing, until challenged, what internal difficulties they involve. William James, The Principles of Psychology, Vol 1 
 The best of humanitys recorded history is a creative balance between horrors endured and victories achieved, and so it was during the Harlem Renaissance. Aberjhani, Journey through the Power of the Rainbow: Quotations from a Life Made Out of Poetry 
 The sole remaining task for philosophy is the analysis of language. Ludwig Wittgenstein
 To the untutored sage, the concentration of population was the prolific mother of all evils, moral no less than physical. He argued that food is good, while surfeit kills that love is good, but lust destroys and not less dreaded than the pestilence following upon crowded and unsanitary dwellings was the loss of spiritual power inseparable from too close contact with ones fellow-men. Charles Alexander Eastman, The Soul of the Indian 
 The line between him and the enemy had simultaneously blurred and solidified. Somehow, while perhaps it shouldnt have, this thought provided a strange sense of peace. Kristina McMorris, Bridge of Scarlet Leaves 
 If you think fate is fickle, try tempting it S. Spencer Baker, Slabscape: Reset 
 Man is not born to solve the problem of the universe, but to find out what he has to do and to restrain himself within the limits of his comprehension. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
 Every country has the government it deserves. Joseph de Maistre
 No one species shall make the life of the world its own. Thats one expression of the law. Heres another: The world was not made for any one species. Daniel Quinn, Ishmael:A Novel 
 Time (again, Time) like the soul, wears many faces, many bodies and climates and attitudes. The past is one face, the present a second and the future yet another. Aberjhani, Elemental: The Power of Illuminated Love 
 Communism is the final logic of the dehumanization of man. Fulton J. Sheen
 Kitalah planet yang hidup itu, Sophie! Kitalah kapal besar yang berlayar mengelilingi matahari yang membakar alam raya. Tapi kita masing-masing adalah juga sebuah kapal bermuatan gen-gen yang melayari kehidupan. Jika kita sudah membawa muatan ini dengan selamat ke pelabuhan berikut --berarti hidup kita tidak sia-sia. Jostein Gaarder
 Faith is not belief in spite of evidence but a life in scorn of the consequences. Clarence Jordan, The Substance of Faith: And Other Cotton Patch Sermons 
 If the rest of your brain were conscious, it would probably regard you as the pointy-haired boss from Dilbert Peter Watts, Blindsight 
 By the time we began to understand enough about what the world to ask the right questions, our visit is over, and someone else is visiting, asking the same questions. D.K. LeVick, Bridges: A Tale of Niagara 
 The rider evolved to serve to the elephant. Jonathan Haidt, The Happiness Hypothesis: Finding Modern Truth in Ancient Wisdom 
 Man is but a reed, the most feeble thing in nature but he is a thinking reed. Blaise Pascal
 This law defines the limits of competition in the community of life. You may compete to the full extent of your capabilities, but you may not hunt down your competitors or destroy their food or deny them access to food. In other words, you may compete but you may not wage war. Daniel Quinn, Ishmael:A Novel 
 Wisdom is seeing something in a non-habitual manner. William James
 Love delayed is lust augmented. Louis de Bernires
 If the world was made for us, then it BELONGS to us and we can do what we damn well please with it. Daniel Quinn, Ishmael:A Novel 
 This is the paradox of public space: even if everyone knows an unpleasant fact, saying it in public changes everything. One of the first measures taken by the new Bolshevik government in 1918 was to make public the entire corpus of tsarist secret diplomacy, all the secret agreements, the secret clauses of public agreements etc. There too the target was the entire functioning of the state apparatuses of power. Slavoj iek
 History is a hermaphrodite with many distinguished lovers. We are neither mysteries nor strangers but the living breath of revelation made flesh by the unrestrained desires of a free and universal love. Universal me. Universal you.--from Past Present and Future are One Aberjhani, Elemental: The Power of Illuminated Love 
 I am serving the purpose for which I was designed, therefore I am satisfied with my existence. Kevin J. Anderson
 Death is never an excuse to stop living. Catherine Johnson, A Nest of Vipers 
 Every life has a destiny... the trick is to discover it before then end of your life. Otherwise, you will have too many regrets. Kevin J. Anderson, A Forest of Stars 
 Now we have a clearer idea what this story is all about: The world was made for man, and man was made to rule it. Daniel Quinn, Ishmael:A Novel 
 We must think beyond ourselves Kevin J. Anderson, A Forest of Stars 
 If the moment is everthing, then everything is time. Benny Bellamacina, The King of Rhyme 
 Nat: Maybe you broke something.Midge: I know. Never fall down, never fall down!Nat: Ah, its nothing. I fall down every morning. I get up, I have a cup of coffee, I fall down. Thats the system. Two years old, you stand up and then BOOM! seventy years later, you fall down again. Herb Gardner, Im Not Rappaport 
 Percayalah, bila kamu tidak dapat mengalihkan perhatian pada hal lain yang fana..., dan hanya memikirkan kehidupan itu sendiri, kamu akan gila: karena ia akan mengalahkan dan merendahkanmu secara perlahan. Soe Tjen Marching, Mati, Bertahun yang Lalu 
 No society can prosper if it aims at making things easier-instead it should aim at making people stronger!! Ashoka Jahnavi Prasad
 You may tend to get cancer from the thing that makes you want to smoke so much, not from the smoking itself. William Saroyan, Not Dying: An Autobiographical Interlude 
 The soul exists partly in eternity and partly in time. Marsilio Ficino
 I believe in political solutions to political problems. But mans primary problems arent political theyre philosophical. Until humans can solve their philosophical problems, theyre condemned to solve their political problems over and over and over again. Its a cruel, repetitious bore. Tom Robbins, Even Cowgirls Get the Blues 
 Can a woman not walk with her possessions down the street of a city? Brandon Sanderson, The Way of Kings 
 What information consumes is rather obvious: it consumes the attention of its recipients. Hence a wealth of information creates a poverty of attention, and a need to allocate that attention efficiently among the overabundance of information sources that might consume it. Herbert Simon
 Here we find further argument for Gotaggas supposition that the world is round. How else could all men stand higher than their brothers? R. Scott Bakker, The Thousandfold Thought 
 Playing God is actually the highest expression of human nature. The urges to improve ourselves, to master our environment, and to set our children on the best path possible have been the fundamental driving forces of all of human history. Without these urges to play God, the world as we know it wouldnt exist today. Ramez Naam, More Than Human: Embracing the Promise of Biological Enhancement 
 I am an i poet. E.E. Cummings
 The slope contains many wonders not found at the summit. Marty Rubin
 Life is the greatest of all mysteries, and though I seek to solve its many riddles, my deepest fear is that I will succeed. Brian Rathbone, Call of the Herald 
 Settle, for sure and universally, what conduct will promote the happiness of a rational being. Immanuel Kant
 A world without poetry and art would be too much like one without birds or flowers: bearable but a lot less enjoyable. Aberjhani, Journey through the Power of the Rainbow: Quotations from a Life Made Out of Poetry 
 Le Corbusier was the sort of relentlessly rational intellectual that only France loves wholeheartedly, the logician who flies higher and higher in ever-decreasing concentric circles until, with one last, utterly inevitable induction, he disappears up his own fundamental aperture and emerges in the fourth dimension as a needle-thin umber bird. Tom Wolfe, From Bauhaus to Our House 
 ....I am inclined to think that these muscles and bones of mine would have gone off long ago to Megara or Boeotiaby the dog they would, if they had been moved only by their own idea of what was best.(tr Jowett) Plato, Phaedo 
 All that exists is just and unjust and is equally justified in both respects. Friedrich Nietzsche
 The Encyclopedia--the advance artillery of reason, the armada of philosophy, the siege engine of the enlightenment... Peter Prange, The Philosophers Kiss 
 How keen everyone is to make this world their home forgetting its impermanence Its like trying to see and name constellations in a fireworks display. Nadeem Aslam, The Wasted Vigil 
 The sun symbolizes the Divine intelligence the empty vastness of space symbolizes the Divine All-Possibility and also the Divine immutability a bird symbolizes the soul a tree symbolizes the grades of being and water symbolizes knowledge and rain revelation. Osman Bakar, Tawhid and Science 
 ...the only way to judge a philosophy is to examine the lives of those who live it. Karl Friedrich, Wings: A Novel of World War II Flygirls 
 On the top of Cadair Idris,I felt how happy a man might bewith a little money and a sane intellect,and reflected with astonishment and pityon the madness of the multitude. Thomas Love Peacock
 La filosofa nos ensea a sentir incertidumbre ante las cosas que nos parecen evidentes. La propaganda, en cambio, nos ensea a aceptar como evidentes cosas sobre las que sera razonable suspender nuestro juicio o sentir dudas. Aldous Huxley, Brave New World Revisited 
 The delight we take in our senses is an implicit desire to know the ultimate reason for things, the highest cause. The desire for wisdom that philosophy etymologically is is a desire for the highest or divine causes. Philosophy culminates in theology. All other knowledge contains the seeds of contemplation of the divine. Josef Pieper, Happiness and Contemplation 
 Life is an essay you yourself have to write, start to finish. Mo
 One always has a choice. Dona Wording
 The only freedom which deserves the name, is that of pursuing our own good in our own way, so long as we do not attempt to deprive others of theirs, or impede their efforts to obtain it. John Stuart Mill, On Liberty 
 When the mind is free, magic happens. C.G. Rousing
 The theistic philosopher has a tendency to devalue insufficient worldviews, ideologies, and quite often common sense for the greater good, and in such cases, one should not be discouraged when seen as a bad guy. If he stresses over mans perception of a righteous heart, then he has given his heart to man. Criss Jami, Killosophy 
 Love will never let you down, if you dont give it up Benny Bellamacina
 The challenge is to resist circumstances. Any idiot can be happy in a happy place, but moral courage is required to be happy in a hellhole. Joyce Carol Oates, Mudwoman 
 Humanity must forgive Humanity, for only then can we be Humane. Ilyas Kassam
 Want less, live more Benny Bellamacina
 Nothing is more visible than things hidden Nothing is more manifest than things minute Therefore, the superior man should be aware of his aloneness Confucius, The Doctrine of the Mean 
 I dont want to accidentally end up looking back on my life to find that Im ashamed of myself, I want to live a life I can be proud of. Alice Bag
 In our country religion is not different from philosophy and religion & philosophy dont differ from science. Virchand Gandhi
 Who are you? No really. Way, way down deep. Who are you? Doug Dillon
 Subjectivity is strange to Science, while Relativity is an objective part of it. Felix Alba-Juez
 To believe in nothing is as ridiculous as to believe in everything. Reason and factual evidence may convert a belief into knowledge. Felix Alba-Juez
 When youve tried everything and failed, try everything else and succeed Benny Bellamacina
 Comprehending and knowing better and deeper are the best guarantees we can have to attain ideas and criteria of our own i.e. to stop depending on what other people say. In summary, to be freer to choose our own path in life. Manuel Toharia-Corts, Galloping with Light - Einstein, Relativity, and Folklore 
 We may be living past and future lives at the same time we are living this one. Doug Dillon
 You can change your mind, dont let your mind change you Benny Bellamacina
 I can kill a bad guy, but I cant save anyone. Im not a hero. All I am is a killer. A dead killer who shit his pants. Samuel Engelen, Vigilante Day 
 Other people are only aspects of our own greater being. Doug Dillon
 Grammar and ordinary language are bad guides to metaphysics. A great book might be written showing the influence of syntax on philosophy. Bertrand Russell
 When we say two bodies touch, what we mean (without knowing it) is that both electromagnetic fields are interacting to avoid physical interpenetration and ... that happens well before subatomic particles touch! Felix Alba-Juez, Galloping with Sound - The Grand Cosmic Conspiracy 
 It is curious that the human mind could blindly accept an infinite speed but had reservations to accept a finite one, simply because it was too large! Felix Alba-Juez, Galloping with Sound - The Grand Cosmic Conspiracy 
 Besides our eyes, skin and the other senses through which we receive the shadows of the exterior reality, we have a mental eye (intelligence) with which we can perceive reality as it is. Jesus Zamora Bonilla, Galloping with Light - Einstein, Relativity, and Folklore 
 Excess of strength alone is proof of strength Friedrich Nietzsche
 Pretend you are foolish to the foolish, and be yourself when you are alone or with others like you, because if you take the foolish seriously as your friend, you might be a fool yourself. A Gentlemen
 When we move, we are in a way de-structured by our movement toward something: we are both here and at the same time not here because were already in the process of going elsewhere, if you see what I mean. To stop de-structuring yourself, you have to stop moving altogether. Either you move and youre no longer whole, or youre whole and you cant move. Muriel Barbery, The Elegance of the Hedgehog 
 Truth is not as pompous and romantic as myth ... but it has the immeasurable value of being the Truth. Felix Alba-Juez, Emc2: The Most Famous Equation in History... and its Folklore 
 A birth-date is a reminder to celebrate the life as well as to update the life. Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words 
 Asshole Proximity Disorder Stefan Molyneux
 Ability, experience and books have solution for all the problems. Amit Kalantri
 A mother gives you a life, a mother-in-law gives you her life. Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words 
 Today the aggressor is the shepherd of peace, and the beaten and hunted are the troublemakers of the world. Whats more, there are whole races who believe it! Erich Maria Remarque, Flotsam 
 Across the board... Not junkies or freaks, but people who were just as comfortable with drugs like weed, booze, or coke as we are - and were not weird, are we? Hell no, were just overworked professionals who need to relax now and then, have a bit of the whoop and the giggle, right? Hunter S. Thompson, Ancient Gonzo Wisdom: Interviews with Hunter S. Thompson 
 Is it better to work out consciously and critically ones own conception of the world and thus, in connection with the labours of ones own brain, choose ones sphere of activity, take an active part in the creation of the history of the world, be ones own guide, refusing to accept passively and supinely from outside the moulding of one own personality? Antonio Gramsci
 Daily dance uplift the soul to spiritual realms. Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of Wisdom: Great mind 
 How had they met? By chance, like everybody else. What were there names? Whats it to you? Where were they coming from? From the nearest place. Where were they going? Does anyone really know where theyre going? Denis Diderot
 There isnt an end point to excellence where you have it and you can stop. Being your best self means keeping on trying. Jo Walton, The Just City 
 It is immoral to hold an opinion in order to curry anothers favor mercenary, servile, and against the dignity of human liberty to yield and submit supremely stupid to believe as a matter of habit irrational to decide according to the majority opinion, as if the number of sages exceeded the infinite number of fools. Giordano Bruno
 Our ancestors have invented, we can at least innovate. Amit Kalantri
 We must have a new mythology, but it must place itself at the service of ideas, it must become a mythology of reason. Mythology must become philosophical, so that the people may become rational, and philosophy must become mythological, so that philosophers may become sensible. If we do not give ideas a form that is aesthetic, i.e., mythological, they will hold no interest for people. Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel
 Compromise brings harmony to both, happiness to none. Amit Kalantri
 If you change who you are to suit other people, you may end up dressed for the wrong occasion Benny Bellamacina, Philosophical Uplifting Quotes and Poems 
 My depth has no depth Mohadesa Najumi
 This, in the end, is the prime purpose of a philosophy: to give us lucid ways to think about the world and how to live in it. Daniel Klein
 It is possible that mankind is on the threshold of a golden age but, if so, it will be necessary first to slay the dragon that guards the door, and this dragon is religion. Bertrand Russell, Why I Am Not a Christian and Other Essays on Religion and Related Subjects 
 Some concepts are so incredibly risky they take an honest fool to try to articulate them. Criss Jami, Killosophy 
 Sina jinsi. Nguzo ya maisha yangu ni historia ya maisha yangu. Historia ya maisha yangu ni urithi wa watu waliojifunza kusema hapana kwa ndiyo nyingi waliojitolea vitu vingi katika maisha yao kunifikisha hapa nilipo leo walionifundisha falsafa ya kushindwa si hiari. Siri ya mafanikio yangu ni kujitahidi kwa kadiri ya uwezo wangu wote au pushing the envelope kwa lugha ya kigeni. Enock Maregesi
 Lets say I have a mystical soul and a rational brain, and, like Montaigne, I am incapable of choosing between them. I dont know if I believe in God, but I am often tempted to believe. Franois Mitterrand, Memoir in Two Voices 
 Between natural ability and education choose natural ability, as it will keep you happy and will fetch you the glory sooner. Amit Kalantri
 Your youth is certainly finished and old age has definitely arrived if you feel that you are losing enthusiasm, excitement and energy towards your dreams and goals. Amit Kalantri
 Philosophy does not claim to secure for us anything outside our control. Otherwise it would be taking on matters that do not concern it. For as wood is the material of the carpenter, and marble that of the sculptor, so the subject matter of the art of life is the life of the self. Epictetus, Discourses and Selected Writings 
 People say everybody has a book inside them, so why not make your life a great story? Martha Louise Hunter
 Life always involves some logic in its manifestations, and logic, as a rule, excludes the versatility of life from its considerations. Raheel Farooq
 Your comfort zone is a place where you keep yourself in a self-illusion and nothing can grow there but your potentiality can grow only when you can think and grow out of that zone. Rashedur Ryan Rahman
 Lo que sabemos es una gota de agua lo que ignoramos es un ocano. Isaac Newton
 Here is your great soulthe man who has given himself over to Fate on the other hand, that man is a weakling and a degenerate who struggles and maligns the order of the universe and would rather reform the gods than reform himself. Seneca, Letters From A Stoic: Epistulae Morales AD Lucilium (Illustrated. Newly revised text. Includes Image Gallery Audio): All Three Volumes 
 There are only two most powerful situations- being so small that you have nothing to lose and being so big that you dont care what you lose! Jasleen Kaur Gumber
 Let the love of the moon kiss you good night, let the morning sun wake you up with loving light. Debasish Mridha
 When you are able to love yourself deeply, you can be kind to others. Debasish Mridha
 Not all doors open in the same direction and with the same effort! Jasleen Kaur Gumber
 Maybe I should have gone into politics. If you were a political activist, election season brought moments of intensity, whichever side you were on, and meanwhile here I was inarguably withering away, Michel Houellebecq
 Results are always hidden in thoughts and actions. Debasish Mridha M.D.
 Each sunrise brings a new day filled with new hopes for a new beginning. Debasish Mridha
 La memoria es como libro en el cual se escribe toda nuestra vida. Algunas veces deseamos cerrarlo y olvidarlo para no recordar todos los escabrosos detalles, y otras veces deseamos abrirlo y observarlo detenidamente, queriendo volver a sentir lo mismo que sentimos en aquel momento. Audrey Dry, Sin mirar atrs 
 In short, philosophical theories are largely the product of the hidden hand of the cognitive unconscious. George Lakoff
 It is possible that these millions of suns, along with thousands of millions more we cannot see, make up altogether but a globule of blood or lymph in the veins of an animal, of a minute insect, hatched in a world of whose vastness we can frame no conception, but which nevertheless would itself, in proportion to some other world, be no more than a speck of dust. Anatole France, The Garden of Epicurus 
 The only thing that interests the physicist is finding out on what assumptions a framework of things can be constructed which will enable us to know how to use them mechanically. Physics, as I have said on another occasion, is the technique of techniques and the ars combinatoria for fabricating machines. It is a knowledge which has scarcely anything to do with comprehension. Jos Ortega y Gasset
 Y, entonces, en ese instante que tan solo dura un segundo, el cerebro se encarga de abrir la cerradura del cofre en el cual guardas todo lo que aprecias. Cede de tal manera que la tapa se abre y todo lo que hay en el interior sale de forma tan rpida y tan fugaz que no puedes detenerlo. Audrey Dry, Sin mirar atrs 
 So that others can live in peace, talk about love and peace wherever you go. Debasish Mridha
 Bloom as if you want to make the whole world beautiful. Debasish Mridha
 UNDIVIDEDI am for One world undivided. One world without fear and corruption. One world ruled by Truth and Justice. I am forOne peaceful world for all,Where hate has been overcome by love,And everyone is guided only By their conscience. Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem 
 Philosophy is like wine. There are good years and bad years but, in general, the older the better. Eric Weiner, The Geography of Genius: A Search for the Worlds Most Creative Places from Ancient Athens to Silicon Valley 
 Id like to be the moon in your sky. Debasish Mridha
 Ama bardamn dibinde biram lksa, aynada koyu renkli lekeler varsa, fazlalksam en iten ve en katksz acm, aybal gibi, hem bir yn et hem gepgeni bir deriyle ve insann iine dokunan slak, ama ktlk dolu gzlerle srklenip hantallayorsa bu benim kabahatim mi? Jean-Paul Sartre, Nausea 
 In the summer, we write lifes summary with the slow waves of love flowing over the sandy beach. The slow breeze and the warm sun write our memories. Debasish Mridha
 You are blessed not because you work hard, but you are blessed because you do right and treat other people right. Kyos Magupe
 If one million of you give assent to the one thousand who participate in the murder of a child, then one million of you are a million times guilty. Compton Gage
 No crime is a means to an end. No crime can be rationalized. Compton Gage
 If one thousand of you participate in the murder of one child, then one thousand of you are a thousand times guilty. Compton Gage
 It is not what we have that matters what matters is what we give away with love. Debasish Mridha
 Discourse on virtue and they pass by in droves. Whistle and dance and shimmy, and youve got an audience! Diogenes Lartius
 A philosophy professor at my college, whose baby became enamored of the portrait of David Hume on a Penguin paperback, had the cover laminated in plastic so her daughter could cut her teeth on the great thinker. Anne Fadiman, Ex Libris: Confessions of a Common Reader 
 Ohne Hast, aber ohne Rast. - Without haste, but without rest. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
 Ethics is a dream. Charles Baxter, The Feast of Love 
 He will essentially follow the language of the spectacle, for it is the only one he is familiar with. Guy Debord
 One great function of the arts is to keep ideals alive in a culture that does not yet realize them. Susan Neiman, Moral Clarity: A Guide for Grown-up Idealists 
 To lovers out there..No matter how rich you are. How educated you are. How successful you are. You cant do everything on your own. You need someone who will tell you its not wrong to do right. That they are always by your side and that everything going wrong will go right because they will be here with you through it all. Kyos Magupe
 God is a philosophical black hole the point where reason breaks down. Kedar Joshi
 The universe is a philosophical abyss. Kedar Joshi
 Success or Winning has no birthmark. Everyone can be successful and can win. They have to be persistence, determined and never give up Kyos Magupe
 All these years of thinking, ending up like this: In front of all this beauty, understanding nothing. Bruce Cockburn
 I wanted that future officer to weigh decisions with a supple mind and to be comfortable with nuance and uncertainty. Craig M. Mullaney, The Unforgiving Minute: A Soldiers Education 
 There is a common tendency to turn off ones imagination at certain points and refuse to contemplate the possibility of having to do certain things and cope with the attendant moral problems. The things simply get done by the social machine, and one can keep ones clear conscience and ones moral indignation unsullied. John Fraser, Violence in the Arts 
 La prueba de ausencia no es prueba de ausencia Carl Sagan
 No woman in maternity confinement can have stranger and more impatient wishes than I have. Sren Kierkegaard
 Jigga, Kells, Not Guilty R. Kelly
 On ne peut opposer absraitement le spectacle et lactivit sociale effective. Guy Debord
 A willing heart is a key to the door of possibilities. A person with a willing heart can do a lot of things, that were declared as being impossible. Kyos Magupe
 Wenn man nachts nicht schlft, werden Trume wahr. Selim zdogan
 All Im trying to say is that if youre not willing to observe this, if youre just going to condemn it, youre never going to see it. Its there, whether you like it or not. This is stupid life-force were dealing with here, he said. Think how old it is, Jim. Think how huge it is. Understanding it doesnt make any difference. Jim Paul, Catapult: Harry and I Build a Siege Weapon 
 All that man achieves and all that he fails to achieve is the direct result of his own thoughts. His suffering and happiness are evolved from within. As he thinks, so he is. As he continues to think, so he remains. James Allen, As a Man Thinketh 
 You will never make money if you are not willing to spend money. Kyos Magupe
 The things we take lightly, are the ones that affect us mightily. Be careful if in your life there are a lot of things that dont matter anymore if they mattered before. Kyos Magupe
 How many of us have lately taken the time out to look at the sky marvel at the clouds smell the flowers or smelt the fresh scent of rain bought a stranger a cup of tea or coffee given our time to help another or just taken time out to sit and watch people rush hither and tither said I love you smiled at a complete stranger joined in with kids from the street to play a game?Sadly, I would have to say....not many.Its sad.... Anthony T.Hincks
 Whenever a soul leaves the body a void is felt across the world.. Anonymous
 Conservatism is the antidote to tyranny. Its the only one. Its based on thousands of years of human experience. There is nothing narrow about the conservative philosophy. Its a liberating philosophy. It is a magnificent philosophy. It is a philosophy for the ages, for all times. Mark R. Levin
 We seem to inhabit a universe made up of a small number of elements-particles-bits that swirl in chaotic clouds, occasionally clustering together in geometrically logical temporary configurations. Timothy Leary, Chaos & Cyber Culture 
 William James describes a man who got the experience from laughing-gas whenever he was under its influence, he knew the secret of the universe, but when he came to, he had forgotten it. At last, with immense effort, he wrote down the secret before the vision had faded. When completely recovered, he rushed to see what he had written. It was: A smell of petroleum prevails throughout. Bertrand Russell, A History of Western Philosophy 
 Dad was a philosopher and had what he called his Theory of Purpose, which held that everything in life had a purpose, and unless it achieved that purpose, it was just taking up space on the planet and wasting everybodys time. Jeannette Walls, Half Broke Horses 
 Serious thinkers are few, and the world is ruled by crude ideas. Carl Lotus Becker, The Heavenly City of the Eighteenth Century Philosophers 
 Every philosophy is a foreground philosophy that is a hermits judgment: There is something arbitrary in his stopping here to look back and look around, in his not digging deeper here but laying his spade aside there is also something suspicious about it. Every philosophy also conceals a philosophy every opinion is also a hideout, every word also a mask. Friedrich Nietzsche, Beyond Good and Evil 
 Misconceptions play a prominent role in my view of the world. George Soros
 O world, world when I was younger I thought there was some order governing you and your deeds. But now you seem to be a labyrinth of errors, a frightful desert, a den of wild beasts, a game in which men move in circlesa stony field, a meadow full of serpents, a flowering but barren orchard, a spring of cares, a river of tears, a sea of suffering, a vain hope. Fernando de Rojas, La Celestina 
 if being is many, it must be both like and unlike, and this is impossible, for neither can the like be unlike, nor the unlike like Zeno of Citium
 So it follows that those who have reason have freedom to will or not to will, although this freedom is not equal in all of them. ... human souls are more free when they persevere in the contemplation of the mind of God, less free when they descend to the corporeal, and even less free when they are entirely imprisoned in earthly flesh and blood. Boethius, The Consolation of Philosophy 
 Man is able to decide for or against reason, he is able to create beyond reason or to destroy below reason Paul Tillich, Dynamics of Faith 
 For axioms in philosophy are not axioms until they are proved upon our pulses. John Keats, Letters of John Keats 
 Nature, it seems, is the popular namefor milliards and milliards and milliardsof particles playing their infinite gameof billiards and billiards and billiards. Piet Hein
 The western mind makes definitions it draws lines. Camille Paglia, Sexual Personae: Art and Decadence from Nefertiti to Emily Dickinson 
 Reason may be employed to support faith as well as to destroy it. Carl Lotus Becker, The Heavenly City of the Eighteenth Century Philosophers 
 Man in general, if reduced to himself, is too wicked to be free. Joseph de Maistre
 What is this slow blue dream of living, and this fevered death by dreaming? Aberjhani, Journey through the Power of the Rainbow: Quotations from a Life Made Out of Poetry 
 The pity of it was that this discovery, if such it was, now seemed so stale, so profitless to me. What good was it? What good did thinking ever do? Jed Rubenfeld, The Interpretation of Murder 
 Standing in the middle between the idea of an event and the actual event, a strange kind of physical reality just in the middle between possibility and reality. Heisenberg
 Of all knowledge, the wise and good seek mostly to know themselves. William Shakespeare
 We live in a stocking which is in the process of being turned inside out, without our ever knowing for sure to what phase of the process our moment of consciousness corresponds. Vladimir Nabokov, Bend Sinister 
 Kebanyakan orang dapat bertahan hidup hanya jika mereka dapat melupakan realitas ini dan memusatkan diri ke yang lain: ke karier mereka, ke investasi, gelar, anak atau apa saja yang terlihat bertambah banyak. Soe Tjen Marching
 This is precisely how someone speaks who imagines that he is the worlds divinely appointed ruler: I will not LET them starve. I will not LET the drought come. I will not LET the river flood. Daniel Quinn, Ishmael:A Novel 
 Children are like sponges they start to smell after a little while. Brian P. Cleary, You Oughta Know By Now 
 Give love, take pride Benny Bellamacina, Piddly poems for children vol:3 
 Quiconque lutte contre des monstres devrait prendre garde, dans le combat, ne pas devenir monstre lui-mme. Et quant celui qui scrute le fond de labysse, labysse le scrute son tour. Friedrich Nietzsche
 Dua kebaikan yang berbeda tidak mungkin berada pada satu intensitas yang sama. Sesederhana itu. Fredrik Nael, Fantasy Fiesta 2010: Antologi Cerita Fantasi Terbaik 2010 
 The summers flower is to the summer sweetThough to itself it only live and die William Shakespeare, The Complete Sonnets and Poems 
 The world does not speak. Only we do. The world can, once we have programmed ourselves with a language, cause us to hold beliefs. But it cannot propose a language for us to speak. Only other human beings can do that. Richard M. Rorty
 Make a spurious division of one process into two, forget that you have done it, and then puzzle for centuries as to how the two get together. Alan W. Watts, The Book on the Taboo Against Knowing Who You Are 
 What man needs is not just the persistent posing of ultimate questions, but the sense of what is feasible, what is possible, what is correct, here and now. The philosopher, of all people, must, I think, be aware of the tension between what he claims to achieve and the reality in which he finds himself. Hans-Georg Gadamer, Truth and Method 
 God is not a celestial prison warden jangling the keys on a bunch of lifers--hes a shepherd seeking for sheep, a woman searching for coins, a father waiting for his son. Clarence Jordan, The Substance of Faith: And Other Cotton Patch Sermons 
 I would not think that philosophy and reason themselves will be mans guide in the foreseeable future however, they will remain the most beautiful sanctuary they have always been for the select few. Albert Einstein
 Fear is the polio of the soul which prevents our walking by faith. Clarence Jordan, The Substance of Faith: And Other Cotton Patch Sermons 
 Buffett does enjoy being a billionaire, but in offbeat ways. As he put it, though money cannot change your health or how many people love you, it lets you be in more interesting environments. Roger Lowenstein, Buffett: The Making of an American Capitalist 
 Paranormalists, however, insist that our minds are transmitters that, with special effort, can focus like lasers to communicate across great distances, and even make things happen. That may seem far-fetched, but its also a definition of prayer. Alan Weisman, The World Without Us 
 The method of postulating what we want has many advantages they are the same as the advantages of theft over honest toil. Bertrand Russell, Introduction to Mathematical Philosophy 
 7,500, first-class, everythingand all that for 40 minutes selling them some old stuff. Slavoj iek
 But the goal of the arts, culinary or otherwise, is not to increase our comfort. That is the goal of an easy chair. Jeffrey Steingarten, The Man Who Ate Everything 
 As life in general constituted much pain in the form of struggles against poverty, disease, ignorance, and emotional anguish, what more civilized way for people to alleviate the same than by giving themselves to one another as brothers and sisters in deed as well as in word? A society of people hoping to become politically superior needed first to become spiritually valid. Aberjhani, The Wisdom of W.E.B. Du Bois 
 My mind is a lock pick always looking for another door to open. I often find those doors by exploring minds of others... Hewitt E. Moore, White Guilt 
 For the former, activity, any kind of activity, was an end in itself for the latter, activity was but a progress toward the true end, which was rest, and peace of mind. Action was to be undertaken only when equilibrium was disturbed. Olaf Stapledon, Last and First Men 
 The actuality of us being cognizant and accepting of the fact we are but a speck of sand in a universe sized desert, whose existence is irrelevant to any facet of universal function is a hard pill to swallow. Knowing the world will go on for another billion years after death and you will have no recollection of anything, just as you have no recollection of the billion years before your birth is a mind-boggling intuition, Hewitt E. Moore, White Guilt 
 Before man ventures into daydreams about his futuristic society, he shouldfirst immerse himself in the nothingness of his being, and finally restore life to what it is all about: a working hypothesis. Tomislav Suni
 Le spectacle est la reconstruction matrielle de lillusion religieuse. Guy Debord
 Whether divine or human, it is precisely the imagination that fashions and recognizes the universe as meaningful, abiding, and valuable, that is to say, as real. William K. Mahony, The Artful Universe: An Introduction to the Vedic Religious Imagination 
 He stole glances at the heathen faces of Bodien and Gaylord, the suffering, yet oddly consoled, eyes and mouth of Basellecci, noting the brave enthusiasm of men who had never dreamed of anything very definite, and it occurred to him through the reek of his person that there was only one hope for him, and for all people who had lost, through intelligence, the hope of immortality. We must love and delight in each other and in ourselves! he cried. Edward Lewis Wallant
 muito mais lisonjeiro,(...)lutar-se por alguma coisa bela e ideal e saber ao mesmo tempo que no se conseguir alcan-la. Os ideais sero algo que se possa alcanar? Viveremos para cabar com a morte? No, viveremos para tem-la e tambm para am-la, e precisamente por causa da morte que nossa vida vez por outra resplandece to radiosa num belo instante. Hermann Hesse
 Kalau manusia sama sekali tidak pernah merasa putus asa, kita tidak akan tahu bagian mana dari diri kita yang tak sanggup kita singkirkan. Lalu kita akan tumbuh dewasa tanpa benar-benar mengerti apa saja yang bisa membuat kita gembira. Aku bahagia karena bisa menderita, Eriko (Kitchen) Banana Yoshimoto
 The philosophic outlook rises above all sectarian controversy. It finds its own position not only by appreciating and synthesizing what is solidly based in the rival sects but also by capping them all with the keystone of nonduality. Paul Brunton, The Notebooks of Paul Brunton 
 Yes, you need a passport to prove to the world that you exist. The people at passport control, they cannot look at you and see you are a person. No! They have to look at a little photograph of you. Then they believe you exist. Jeffrey Eugenides, The Marriage Plot 
 A text is not a text unless it hides from the first comer, from the first glance, the law of its composition and the rules of its game. A text remains, moreover, forever imperceptible. Its laws and rules are not, however, harbored in the inaccessibility of a secret it is simply that they can never be booked, in the present, into anything that could rigorously be called a perception. Jacques Derrida, Dissemination 
 In modern physics, there is no such thing as nothing. Even in a perfect vacuum, pairs of virtual particles are constantly being created and destroyed. The existence of these particles is no mathematical fiction. Though they cannot be directly observed, the effects they create are quite real. The assumption that they exist leads to predictions that have been confirmed by experiment to a high degree of accuracy. Richard Morris
 When youre in the muck you can only see muck. If you somehow manage to float above it, you still see the muck but you see it from a different perspective. And you see other things too. Thats the consolation of philosophy. David Cronenberg
 How do we account for this paradox that the absence of Law universalizes prohibition ... The psychoanalytic name for this obscene injunction for this obscene call, ENJOY, is superego. The problem today is not how to get rid of your inhibitions and to be able to spontaneously enjoy. The problem is how to get rid of this injunction to enjoy. Slavoj iek
 Therefore we will not listen to the source itself in order to learn what it is or what it means, but rather to the turns of speech, the allegories, figures, metaphors, as you will, into which the source has deviated, in order to lose it or rediscover itwhich always amounts to the same. Jacques Derrida
 Good man and bad man with money goes a long ways. Amunhotep El Bey Amunhotep El Bey, The Quotations Book of life and Death 
 The evolution revolution is here. Global sense makes common sense. Judah Freed, GLOBAL SENSE 
 Among peoples who possess a highly developed pugnacious instinct we find the greatest progress in the arts, sciences, social and political organization, commerce and industry. The instinct takes the milder form of rivalry which is the motive force of the great portion of the serious labors of mankind. Holly Estil Cunningham, An Introduction to Philosophy 
 Believe me if you consult philosophy she will persuade you not to lit so long at your counting desk Seneca, Letters from a Stoic 
 It is a well known fact that even among highly cultured peoples the belief in animism prevails generally. Even the scholar may kick the chair against which he accidentally stumbles, and derive great satisfaction from thus getting even with the perverse chair. Holly Estil Cunningham, An Introduction to Philosophy 
 They lived like monkeys still, while their new god powers lay around them in the weeds. Kim Stanley Robinson, Red Mars 
 Empiricism teaches that there is a real world of fixed things on the outside and that ideas of these outside things are stamped on the mind which is at the beginning of life a blank. Holly Estil Cunningham, An Introduction to Philosophy 
 A doctrine of expression rather than one of suppression makes a stronger appeal to man. Holly Estil Cunningham, An Introduction to Philosophy 
 I have learned to be a friend to myself Great improvement this indeed Such a one can never be said to be alone for know that he who is a friend to himself is a friend to all mankind Seneca, Letters from a Stoic 
 A poet is not an apostle he drives out devils only by the power of the devil. Sren Kierkegaard, Fear and TremblingRepetition 
 He in whom the love of repose predominates will accept the first creed, the first philosophy, the first political party he meets most likely his fathers. He gets rest, commodity, and reputation but he shuts the door of truth. Ralph Waldo Emerson
 Usually when people talk about the trickle-down theory, it has to do with economics. The richer people at the top of a society become, supposedly, the more wealth there is to trickle down to the people below. It never really works out that way, of course, because if there are 2 things people at the top cant stand, they have to be leakage and overflow. Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Hocus Pocus 
 The Purpose of Philosophy is to fall in Love. To strip the world of all its clothes, and fall in Love with it as it stand before you completely naked. Ilyas Kassam
 Philosophers console themselves with explanations. Marty Rubin
 If you use a philosophy education well, you can get your foot in the door of any industry you please. Industries are like the blossoms on a tree while philosophy is the trunk - it holds the tree together, but it often goes unnoticed. Criss Jami, Killosophy 
 we are finite, in that we are a product and source of the infinite. Ilyas Kassam
 Plato offers the amazing idea that contemplation of the way things really are is, in itself, a purifying process that can bring human beings into the only divinity there is. Jennifer Michael Hecht, Doubt: A History: The Great Doubters and Their Legacy of Innovation from Socrates and Jesus to Thomas Jefferson and Emily Dickinson 
 You and I are part of the colony of heaven. Right now, we may reside here on earth, but our passport indicates that our citizenship is in heaven. We are on the earth, but not of the earth. Allen R. Hunt, Confessions of a Mega Church Pastor: How I Discovered the Hidden Treasures of the Catholic Church 
 I need just be a bayonet, a bayonet named Diving Punishment. I wish Id been born a storm. Or a menace. Or a single grenade. No heart, no tears, just as a terrible galed have been good. If by doing this I become that, then so be it. Kohta Hirano
 Hence the sterile, uninspiring futility of a great many theoretical discussions of ethics, and the resentment which many people feel towards such discussions: moral principles remain in their minds as floating abstractions, offering them a goal they cannot grasp and demanding that they reshape their souls in its image, thus leaving them with a burden of undefinable moral guilt. Ayn Rand, The Romantic Manifesto 
 Though why should we expect age to mellow us? If it isnt lifes business to reward merit, why should it be lifes business to give us warm, comfortable feelings towards its end? What possible evolutionary purpose could nostalgia serve? Julian Barnes, The Sense of an Ending 
 There is nothing more wonderful than a book. It may be a message to us from the dead, from human souls we never saw who lived perhaps thousands of miles away, and yet these little sheets of paper speak to us, arouse us, teach us, open our hearts and in turn open their hearts to us like brothers. Without books, God is silent, justice dormant, philosophy lame. Charles Kingsley
 I can blend words easily with my pen, and show concepts from deep within. Yet not everyone gets the message I send. So why do I even let these words begin? Maybe they will soak in one day at the right time. When the readers on a new path to find. So for now Ill continue to drop ink and not worry about what other people think. Stanley Victor Paskavich
 Furthermore, as the body suffers the horrors of disease and the pangs of pain, so we see the mind stabbed with anguish, grief and fear. What more natural than that it should likewise have a share in death? Titus Lucretius Carus, On the Nature of Things 
 In any weather, at any hour of the day or night, I have been anxious to improve the nick of time, and notch it on my stick too to stand on the meeting of two eternities, the past and the future, which is precisely the present moment to toe that line. You will pardon some obscurities, for there are more secrets in my trade than in most mens, and yet not voluntarily kept, but inseparable from its very nature. Henry David Thoreau, Walden 
 in this case, a mother, noted for her beauty, might be reduced to a purple shadow... (Tansley to Lily on her painting of the house & grounds) Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse 
 How charming is divine Philosophy! Not harsh, and crabbed as dull fools suppose, But musical as is Apollos lute, And a perpetual feast of nectard sweets, Where no crude surfet raigns. John Milton, Comus 
 Plus dun qui na pu liberer ses propres chaines a su pourtant en liberer son ami. Friedrich Nietzsche
 Its better to have a million small religions with each one containing a great truth. Than one great religion containing a million small truths. Carla VanKoughnett
 This only is denied to God: the power to undo the past. Agathon
 I know how men in exile feed on dreams of hope. Aeschyulus
 Of what use is a philosopher who doesnt hurt anybodys feelings? Diogenes of Sinope
 Whats the use of complaining about something you have no intentions of changing it? Mario L Castellanos
 The most boring and unproductive question one can ask of any religion is whether or not it is true. Alain de Botton, Religion for Atheists: A Non-Believers Guide to the Uses of Religion 
 In meetings philosophy might work,on the field practicality works. Amit Kalantri
 To theology, ... only what it holds sacred is true, whereas to philosophy, only what holds true is sacred. Ludwig Feuerbach, Lectures on the Essence of Religion 
 Nobody really cares if youre miserable, so you might as well be happy, and make the most of where you are Germany Kent
 To be incapable of taking ones enemies, ones accidents, even ones misdeeds seriously for very long - that is the sign of strong full natures in whom there is an excess of power to form, to mold, to recuperate and to forget. Mirabeau had no memory for insults and vile actions done to him and was unable to forgive simply because he - forgot. Such a man shakes off with a single shrug the many vermin that eat deep into others. Friedrich Nietzsche
 Stand in the divine rain, and seeds of wisdom will grow in your soul. Peter Kreeft
 Be in limits, life will never limit you. M.H. Rakib, The Cavalier 
 Its an already inside outside,The philosophers say its the soulBut its not the soul: its the animal or the man itselfIn its way of existing. Alberto Caeiro, The Collected Poems of Alberto Caeiro 
 The selfish man suffers more from his selfishness than he from whom that selfishness withholds some important benefit. Ralph Waldo Emerson, The Portable Emerson 
 A true philosopher must never give up. Jostein Gaarder, Sophies World 
 The certainty about the uncertain (in view to life) is that it will remain uncertain till the time its certain. Mayank Sharma, A Cocktail of Love 
 e te w tym kraju kady kelner jest filozofem i kady filozof kelnerem. Tadeusz Rewicz, Kartoteka 
 The living self has one purpose only: to come into its own fullness of being. D.H. Lawrence, Selected Essays 
 Herein lies the supreme wisdom, human and divine and the task of philosophy consists in teaching men to submit joyously to Necessity which hears nothing and is indifferent to all. Lev Shestov, Athens and Jerusalem 
 Not all of Derridas writing is to everyones taste. He had an irritating habit of overusing the rhetorical question, which lends itself easily to parody: What is it, to speak? How can I even speak of this? Who is this I who speaks of speaking? Terry Eagleton
 The only successful philosophies and religions are the ones that flatter us, whether in the name of progress or of hell. Damned or not, man experiences an absolute need to be at the heart of everything. Emil M. Cioran
 Some way some how im going to be happy im going to laugh im going to prosper,i feel good that i remain positive thru these mess up times!!! jojo1980
 Its the poet we love in Caeiro, not the philosopher. What we really get from these poems is a childlike sense of life, with all the direct materiality of the childs mind, and all the vital spirituality of hope and increase that exist in the body and soul of nescient childhood. Caeiros work is a dawn that wakes us up and quickens us a more that material, more than anti-spiritual dawn. Its an abstract effect, pure vacuum, nothingness. lvaro de Campos
 If one knew the truth how could there be freedom? If hell and paradise were in the middle of the marketplace, everyone would be a saint. Isaac Bashevis Singer, The Collected Stories of Isaac Bashevis Singer 
 Be a life long or short, its completeness depends on what it was lived for. David Starr Jordan
 quote In the harshest conditions is when we know better the people around us. En las condiciones ms duras es cuando conocemos mejor a las personas que nos rodean. Juan Luis Ortiz Hidalgo, Las mil vidas del profesor Bonham 
 His conception of the universe is, however, instinctive, not intellectual it cant be criticized as a concept, because theres none there, and it cant be criticized as temperament, because temperament cant be criticized. lvaro de Campos
 Quis custodiet ipsos custodes? - Who watches the watchmen? Alan Moore, Watchmen 
 There is no unmoving mover behind the movement. It is only movement. It is not correct to say that life is moving, but life is movement itself. Life and movement are not two different things. In other words, there is no thinker behind the thought. Thought itself is the thinker. If you remove the thought, there is no thinker to be found. Walpola Rahula, What the Buddha Taught: Revised and Expanded Edition with Texts from Suttas and Dhammapada 
 To all appearances he was just drifting. In actuality he was just drifting. Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values 
 One never knows how the witch became wicked, or whether that was the right choice for her is it ever the right choice? Does the devil ever struggle to be good again, or if so is he not a devil? It is the very least question of definitions. Gregory Maguire, Wicked: The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West 
 Always blow your own trumpet, blowing someone elses is unhygienic Benny Bellamacina
 If you go to Singapore or Amsterdam or Seoul or Buenos Aires or Islamabad or Johannesburg or Tampa or Istanbul or Kyoto, youll find that the people differ wildly in the way they dress, in their marriage customs, in the holidays they observe, in their religious rituals, and so on, but they all expect the food to be under lock and key. Its all owned, and if you want some, youll have to buy it. Daniel Quinn
 It seems to me that good philosophy will always have a place in the investigation of any matter of deep human importance, because of its commitment to clarity, to carefully drawn distinctions, to calm argument rather than prejudice and dogmatic assertionPhilosophical Interventions (Reviews 1986-2011) Martha C. Nussbaum
 Thank heaven for people who are satisfied with facts that conform to the reality they wish to believe. Gary Inbinder, Confessions of the Creature 
 If once a man indulges himself in murder, very soon he comes to think little of robbing and from robbing he next comes to drinking and Sabbath-breaking, and from that to incivility and procrastination. Thomas de Quincey, The Confessions of an English Opium EaterThe Daughter of Lebanon 
 I will tell you why I became a philosopher. I became a philosopher because I wanted to be able to talk about many, many things, ideally with knowledge, but sometimes not quite the amount of knowledge that I would need if I were to be a specialist in them. It allows you to be many different things. And plurality and complexity are very, very important to me. Alexander Nehamas
 There is no such thing as objectivity. We are all just interpreting signals from the universe and trying to make sense of them. Dim, shaky, weak, static-y little signals that only hint at the complexity of a universe we cannot begin to understand. Bones The Doctor in the Photo
 The cynic sees only cynicism, the depressive can taint creation with one glance Anna Funder
 By heavens! there is something after all in the world allowing one man to steal a horse while another must not look at a halter. Steal a horse straight out. Very well. He has done it. Perhaps he can ride. But there is a way of looking at a halter that would provoke the most charitable of saints into a kick. Joseph Conrad, Heart of Darkness 
 Putting food under lock and key was one of the great innovations of your culture. No other culture in history has ever put food under lock and key - and putting it there is the cornerstone of your economy.... Because if the food wasnt under lock and key, Julie, who would work? Daniel Quinn
 For any given problem, if theres a simple solution it will already have been applied. So, perhaps, the solution isnt as simple as you think. Stuart Aken
 Let education kindle only those which are truly beneficialto the human species let it favour those alone which are really necessary to the maintenance of society. The passions of man are dangerous, only because every thing conspires to give them an evil direction. Paul Henri Thiry dHolbach
 If that which we have found is the corruption of solitude, then what can men wish for save corruption? If this is the great evil of being alone, than what is good and what is evil? Ayn Rand
 And you dont even need to say anything. Im screwed up. I dont know how any of this works anymore than you do. But I do believe youre worth every second it would take to figure it out, Mason said, a smile taking over his features. Holly Hood, Heart of Gypsies 
 Logika adalah keadilan dan dialektika adalah kebijaksanaan Cephy Hakim
 Sufficiently simple natural structures are predictable but uncontrollable, whereas sufficiently complex symbolic descriptions are controllable but unpredictable. Howard Pattee
 The Great Way is not named Great Discriminations are not spoken Great Benevolence is not benevolent Great Modesty is not humble Great Daring does not attack. If the Way is made clear, it is not the Way. Chuang Chou
 Great understanding is broad and unhurried little understanding is cramped and busy. Great words are clear and limpid little words are shrill and quarrelsome. Chuang Chou
 Jai lu les postmodernistes avec un certain intrt avec mme admiration. Mais quand je les lis, jai toujours cet horrible sentiment lancinant que quelque chose dabsolument essentiel est oubli. Plus on dit quune personne est un produit social, ou un confluent de forces ou fragmente, ou marginalise et plus on ouvre tout un nouveau monde dexcuses. Robert C. Solomon
 LORD ILLINGWORTH: The soul is born old but grows young. That is the comedy of life.MRS ALLONBY: And the body is born young and grows old. That is lifes tragedy. Oscar Wilde, A Woman of No Importance 
 ... the most important concept ever put forth was that matter, ALL matter, with no exceptions from stone to star to starfish to student to sovereign, is as divine as all else in the cosmos, for all flows from Consciousness, the Word that came before the World - and all, in time, will flow back. Ki Longfellow, Flow Down Like Silver: Hypatia of Alexandria 
 The present convergence of crisesin money, energy, education, health, water, soil, climate, politics, the environment, and moreis a birth crisis, expelling us from the old world into a new. Charles Eisenstein, Sacred Economics: Money, Gift, and Society in the Age of Transition 
 Part of being of a true existentialist is wanting to be what we make ourselves be by the way we choose to act, as opposed to making excuses for the way we act and regretting it. Gary Cox, How to Be an Existentialist: or How to Get Real, Get a Grip and Stop Making Excuses 
 Its harder to make the glass than break the glass. The RZA, The Tao of Wu 
 If you could disagree with kings, were gods so far above? Elizabeth Bear, Range of Ghosts 
 Honor has not to be won it must only not be lost. Arthur Schopenhauer, The Wisdom of Life 
 She said, Youre a warrior. So how do you kill without rage?In compassion. Because of necessity. Hrahima set the empty water bowl back in Samarkars hands. The same way you carry water. Elizabeth Bear, Range of Ghosts 
 What do they know of cricket who only cricket know? C.L.R. James, Beyond A Boundary 
 Writers may be classified as meteors, planets, and fixed stars. They belong not to one system, one nation only, but to the universe. And just because they are so very far away, it is usually many years before their light is visible to the inhabitants of this earth. Arthur Schopenhauer, Essays and Aphorisms 
 A man must not be without shame, for the shame of being without shame is shamelessness indeed. Mencius
 The fundament upon which all our knowledge and learning rests is the inexplicable. Arthur Schopenhauer, The Wisdom of Life and Counsels and Maxims 
 If we thought more for ourselves we would have very many more bad books and very many more good ones. Georg Christoph Lichtenberg
 Dont reject something just because it seems strange. Its comfort that will kill you in the end. Simon Morden, The Lost Art 
 Propounding peace and love without practical or institutional engagement is delusion, not virtue. Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel
 Other thinkers have philosophised since the time of Plato, but that does not destroy the interest and beauty of his philosophy Frederick Charles Copleston, A History of Philosophy, Vol. 1: Greece and Rome, From the Pre-Socratics to Plotinus 
 When they have discovered truth in nature they fling it into a book, where it is even worse hands. Georg Christoph Lichtenberg
 I mean really, how could an artistic individual stay grounded in the nitty-gritty of how many minutes per pound meat has to stay in the oven when trying to fathom the creative philosophy behind the greatest artistic minds of the world? E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly 
 The Philosophers Motto: I came, I saw, I pondered! Greg Curtis
 Question everything, unless its the answer Benny Bellamacina
 If your dreams seem to be drifting away, wake up! Benny Bellamacina
 To be poor, ugly and, moreover, intelligent condemns one in our society to a dark and disillusioned life...to beauty all is forgiven. Muriel Barbery, The Elegance of the Hedgehog 
 My ship came in,then it sank! Brian T. Shirley
 ...if we gained only one incontestable truth every ten years from each of our philosophical writers the harvest we reaped would be sufficient. Georg Christoph Lichtenberg
 If you write in the Old World, and against it, your work must die, go missing, be veiled, before it can live the life for which it was destined in the New World. Patrick Nowell-Smith
 Mereka yang berani adalah mereka yang telah berkorban menemukan dirinya sendiri Ikbal Maulana
 It is a bitter thought, how different a thing the Christianity of the world might have been, if the Christian faith had been adopted as the religion of the empire under the auspices of Marcus Aurelius instead of those of Constantine. John Stuart Mill, On Liberty 
 Philosophers, for example, often fail to recognize that their remarks about the universe apply also to themselves and their remarks. If the universe is meaningless, so is the statement that it is so. Alan W. Watts
 I only seem negative to the fortunate. Thats because I show the less fortunate that they arent less fortunate after all. Criss Jami, Killosophy 
 It seems to me that one ought to rejoice in the fact of death-- ought to decide, indeed, to earn ones death by confronting with passion the conundrum of life. One is responsible to life: It is the small beacon in that terrifying darkness from which we come and to which we shall return. One must negotiate this passage as nobly as possible, for the sake of those who are coming after us. James Baldwin, The Fire Next Time 
 I have a sickness doctors cant cure,Inexorably pulling me to the well of my destruction,Consented to be a sacrifice, killed for her love,Eager, like the drunk gulping wine mixed with poison,Shameless were those my nights,Yet my soul loved them beyond all passion. Ibn Hazm, 
 A novel is never anything but a philosophy expressed in images. And in a good novel the philosophy has disappeared into the images. Albert Camus, Lyrical and Critical Essays 
 Three metamorphoses of the spirit have I designated to you: how thespirit became a camel, the camel a lion, and the lion at last a child. Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra 
 I speak gibberish to the civilized world and it replies in kind. Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
 But some of the greatest achievements in philosophy could only be compared with taking up some books which seemed to belong together, and putting them on different shelves nothing more being final about their positions than that they no longer lie side by side. The onlooker who doesnt know the difficulty of the task might well think in such a case that nothing at all had been achieved. Ludwig Wittgenstein
 we deceive ourselves in thinking that death only follows life whereas it both goes before and will follow after it for where is the difference in not beginning or ceasing to exist the effect of both is not to be Seneca, Letters from a Stoic 
 Mendel had a remarkable nature as a boy. Im not talking about miracles. Miracles are a burden for a tzaddik, not the proof of one. Miracles prove nothing except to those whose faith is bought very cheap, sir. There was something in Mendele. There was a fire. Michael Chabon, The Yiddish Policemens Union 
 Admittedly, art is somewhat like spit. It does not repulse or even worry is while it is still inside of us, but once it exits our body, it becomes disgusting. Ivan Brunetti
 We attribute to ourselves qualities that we do not possess because if we possessed them, our lives would exactly mirror our image of ourselves. Our lies about what is really happening in our lives are what we use to patch up our ego with rationalizations and justifications, all of which conceal from us the fact that we cannot really do anything because we have no Being. Laura Knight Jadczyk, The Secret History of the World and How to Get Out Alive 
 Ah, ye brethren, that God whom I created was human work and human madness, like all the Gods! Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra 
 Consider the whole world reconnoitre individuals j who is there whose life is not taken up with providing for to morrow Do you ask what harm there is in this An infinite deal for such men do not live but are about to live they defer every thing from day to day however circumspect we are life will still outrun us. Seneca, Letters from a Stoic 
 It must not be forgotten that reason too needs to be sustained in all its searching by trusting dialogue and sincere friendship. A climate of suspicion and distrust, which can beset speculative research, ignores the teaching of the ancient philosophers who proposed friendship as one of the most appropriate contexts for sound philosophical enquiry. Pope John Paul II, Fides et Ratio: On the Relationship Between Faith and Reason 
 So many other planets & stars -- could all those stars set over barren planets, beauty wasted? Or, are sunsets witnessed throughout the universe? David Self
 Nu mai trim un prezent placid, ci suntem prini cu toii n efortul de a ne pregti permanent pentru viitor. Jean-Claude Carrire, Nu sperai c vei scpa de cri 
 I think, therefore a single fertilized egg cell can replicate itself into trillions of specialized and exquisitely organized cells. David Self
 Waktu berjalan ke Barat di waktu pagi hari matahari mengikutiku di belakang.Aku berjalan mengikuti bayang-bayangku sendiri yang memanjang di depan.Aku dan matahari tidak bertengkar tentang siapa di antara kami yang telah menciptakan bayang-bayang,aku dan bayang-bayang tidak bertengkar tentang siapa di antara kami yang harus berjalan di depan. Sapardi Djoko Damono
 Foreknowledge cannot be gotten from ghosts and spirits, cannot be had by analogy, cannot be found out by calculation. It must be obtained from people, people who know the conditions of the enemy. Sun Tzu, The Art of War 
 It is never ridicule, but a compliment, that knocks a philosopher off his feet. He is already positioned for every possible counter-attack, counter-argument, and retort...only to find a big bear hug coming his way. Criss Jami, Killosophy 
 The way you see people is the way you treat them and the way you treat them is what they become. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
 In essence I find that the foundation of modern conservatism is driven by a clinging to God in fear of the world, whereas the foundation of modern liberalism is a clinging to the world in fear of God albeit, the true foundation should be ones clinging to God in fear of God. Criss Jami, Salom: In Every Inch In Every Mile 
 As far as I am concerned, philosophic questioning is just as likely to make you confused and depressed as it is to improve your condition. Christopher Paolini, Brisingr 
 We are the sum total of the decisions we have made. E.A. Bucchianeri
 You will never know how high you can climb until you reach the top. K.L. Toth
 Popular medicine and popular morality belong together and ought not to be evaluated so differently as they still are: both are the most dangerous pseudo-sciences. Friedrich Nietzsche, Daybreak: Thoughts on the Prejudices of Morality 
 Thats the thing about love It can take you up to the mountaintop and can drop you And the impact will either kill you or make you a new person Kehinde Sonola, Klosophy 
 The lesson we are indebted to Egypt for, our future generations learned that in the face of oppression silence is never golden. Aysha Taryam, The Opposite of Indifference: A Collection of Commentaries 
 Hatred is a form of faith, distilled by passion to remove all rationality. L.E. Modesitt Jr., The Elysium Commission 
 If Relativity Theory kills our deepest convictions, why not start by finding out why we believed in them for millennia? Felix Alba-Juez, Galloping with Light - Einstein, Relativity, and Folklore 
 After some cogitation, it is difficult not to agree with Herman Bondi (1919 - 2005), who in his book Relativity and Common Sense says:... The surprising thing, surely, is that molecules in a gas behave so much as billiard balls, not that electrons behave so little like billiard balls. Felix Alba-Juez, Emc2: The Most Famous Equation in History... and its Folklore 
 Instinct is a makeshift, an admission of helplessness before the problem of reality. Leo Frobenius, Kulturgeschichte Afrikas 
 Democracy should always be viewed with a philosophical perspective rather than a political one, because after all democracy was born to a philosopher and murdered by a politician. Aysha Taryam, The Opposite of Indifference: A Collection of Commentaries 
 I prefer for my world to have the highest certification of being a faithful representation of the exterior world. Jesus Zamora Bonilla, Galloping with Light - Einstein, Relativity, and Folklore 
 Teaching the layperson (divulgare) is not distorting (tergiversare) the subject, but educating the public and it is our duty as scientists to educate without distorting the essence of the scientific knowledge attained by humanity. The future of our society depends upon this premise. Felix Alba-Juez, Galloping with Light - Einstein, Relativity, and Folklore 
 In politics, the pen is at its heaviest because it is weighed down by the collective responsibility it holds towards its people and their future in the eyes of the world. Aysha Taryam, The Opposite of Indifference: A Collection of Commentaries 
 Philosophy is the critically reflective, systematically articulated attempt to illumine our human experience in depth and set it in a vision of the whole. W. Norris Clarke, The One and the Many: A Contemporary Thomistic Metaphysics 
 Without causality in the world, there is no point in educating people, or making any moral or political appeal. Felix Alba-Juez, The Perception of Time... and its Measurement 
 Sin is a gravitation. Victor Hugo, Les Misrables 
 Il pessimismo radicale sconfina nellottimismo. Guido Morselli, Dissipatio H.G. 
 Animals are irrational men Safir Kassim Booudjelal
 You cant always be right, but you can be wrong a lot less Benny Bellamacina, Philosophical Uplifting Quotes and Poems 
 Faith can never be lost.It can only be misplaced. Anthony T.Hincks
 Once I had a love affair with myself.I was left heart broken. Anthony T.Hincks
 I cant fathom my love for you, but I know that it makes me want to drown inside of you. Anthony T.Hincks
 If you dont look. You cant see. Anthony T.Hincks
 See the world for what it is.BEAUTIFUL! Anthony T.Hincks
 Never take love for granted, otherwise you will be surely disappointed. Anthony T.Hincks
 Dont go to sleep doused in hatred.Instead go to sleep snuggled in love. Anthony T.Hincks
 Sometimes if you want to stand out,you at first have to blend in. Anthony T.Hincks
 Hatred is a curse that only love can cure. Anthony T.Hincks
 Hatred may last a lifetime, but love is ever lasting. Anthony T.Hincks
 A clone may be a good copy, but you are the real thing! Anthony T.Hincks
 Trees are the soul collectors come to life. Anthony T.Hincks
 When the sun goes out, it will be your love that keeps we warm. Anthony T.Hincks
 Listen to the sadness,the echoes in my mind,the place where I usually hide,but now I cannot find.Why had it happened?What had I done?Where was I going?Now Im on the run.Hiding from the echoes,the pounding in my ears,the beatings getting louder,it isnt death, I fear! Anthony T.Hincks
 Dont be a slave to society! Anthony T.Hincks
 Pink! My color! My love! Anthony T Hinkcs
 Society has failed its inhabitants, just as its inhabitants have failed society. Anthony T Hinkcs
 The conflicts between science and religion still remain in this day and age, because though most people understand what science means, they do not have a clue what religion means and they do not even have a clue that they do not have a clue. Abhijit Naskar
 Fail soon so that you can succeed sooner. Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words 
 Today it is cheaper to start a business than tomorrow. Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words 
 Its the little things that make big things happen. Anthony T.Hincks
 Understanding what makes you tick isnt half as much fun as finding out what makes you tock! Anthony T.Hincks
 Finding love on your doorstep will make you open up your heart to the world. Anthony T.Hincks
 Sometimes when you live for the moment, thats all youve got.So dont waste it! Anthony T.Hincks
 When the whole world is against you and all you know seems lost. Know that God is right there standing at your side ready to catch you and put you back on your own two feet again. Anthony T.Hincks
 The beauty of God, is God himself. Anthony T.Hincks
 The beauty of having faith, is that no matter what the time of day, whether it be day or night I know that someone is always there with me to give me comfort.It doesnt matter whether it is Buddha, God or Allah because whoever it is, is special to each of us. And that is the beauty of having faith. Anthony T.Hincks
 Color is what gives me hope.Color is what gives me life.Color is what gives me love.And Color is what I get from you. Anthony T.Hincks
 You have the power to strip away many superfluous troubles located wholly in your judgement, and to possess a large room for yourself embracing in thought the whole cosmos, to consider everlasting time, to think of the rapid change in the parts of each thing, of how short it is from birth until dissolution, and how the void before birth and that after dissolution are equally infinite. Marcus Aurelius
 The only disability that I have, is that Im human. Anthony T.Hincks
 The black, the white, the brown, the red, the yellow, the hetero, the homo, the trans, the poor, the rich, the literate, the illiterate, the weak, the strong all are my sisters and brothers. My life is their life. And till the last breath in my body, I shall be serving you all with all the power in my veins. And beyond death, my ideas shall be serving you for eternity. Abhijit Naskar, I Am The Thread: My Mission 
 As a species, wise, harmonious progress is our mission. Abhijit Naskar, I Am The Thread: My Mission 
 I cant be perfect for you, but you are perfect for me. Anthony T.Hincks
 I am the thread of unification that goes through humans of all religions, cultures and ideologies while reinforcing their innate sense of one humanity. Abhijit Naskar, I Am The Thread: My Mission 
 When you say, I cant do it! - You never will.But, if you say, Ill give it a try, eventually you will succeed. Anthony T.Hincks
 God doesnt punish us.We do that all by ourselves. Anthony T.Hincks
 The casualty of war is our disappearing humanity. Anthony T.Hincks
 Color shows us love.AndLove gives us color. Anthony T.Hincks
 Being imperfect, makes you perfect. Anthony T.Hincks
 Dont take anything for granted because chances are it wont be here tomorrow or for that matter, neither may you.Live for the moment and celebrate what life has given you and what you can give it in return. Anthony T.Hincks
 I cant understand God and I cant understand myself, so theres no chance in hell that Im going to understand you! Anthony T.Hincks
 Its not your wallet or purse that has a direct line with God.Its your heart! Anthony T.Hincks
 People are dying of starvation and famine.And you have a MASSERATTI! Anthony T.Hincks
 Judge me not, by my faithjudge me not, by my religionjudge me not, by my angerthat I may manifest happinesswe all have same desires, hungerjudge me, by those memorieswhen I earned your tearsby the cost of pearls Mirza Sharafat Hussain Beigh
 News Flash!All politicians arms are going to be lengthened so that they will be able to pat themselves on the back for doing a great job. Anthony T.Hincks
 I work to make human beings out of human bodies. I work to make conscience out of mindlessness. I work to make Gods out of obedient worshippers. Abhijit Naskar, I Am The Thread: My Mission 
 Give me your soul and I will give you a unified humanity replete with courage, conscience and compassion. Abhijit Naskar, I Am The Thread: My Mission 
 I am pain stricken to say that, various educational institutions have adopted the medieval doctrine fear of the lord is the beginning of wisdom as their motto. Let me tell you this, fear of the Lord, Santa Claus, Krishna, Thor, Hulk or any other imaginary being brings merely the illusion of wisdom, not wisdom. And illusion of wisdom is a billion times more harmful than lack of wisdom. Abhijit Naskar, I Am The Thread: My Mission 
 O my brave Almighty Human, with the ever-effulgent flow of courage, conscience and compassion, turn yourself into a vivacious humanizer, and start walking with bold footsteps while eliminating racism, terminating misogyny, destroying homophobia and all other primitiveness that have turned humanity into the most inhuman species on earth. Abhijit Naskar, I Am The Thread: My Mission 
 To soar with eagles all you need to do is believe that you can fly. Anthony T.Hincks
 Calm sailing doesnt come from calm waters, it comes from having a good navigator a good crew and a good vessel. Anthony T.Hincks
 Patriotism or Nationalism without reasoning is what I call Nationalist Fundamentalism, which is as dangerous as Religious Fundamentalism. Abhijit Naskar, I Am The Thread: My Mission 
 Even a great philosophical idea when mixed with mysticism, turns into a dangerous weapon that becomes an impediment in the path of progress of developing communities. Abhijit Naskar, I Am The Thread: My Mission 
 You can have all the information on culture in the world Pix continues.We dont possess all the information on culture, just three thousand, five hundred and thirty-four petabytes of data on human culture, I correct.Pix smiles and finishes, But unless the words become a part of you, you never really understand, do you? M. Black, Exotiqa 
 You cant rewrite the wrongs of the world, but you might be able to rewrite some of your own. Anthony T.Hincks
 A smile costs nothing.So dont waste it! Anthony T.Hincks
 Dont sit around waiting for it to happen. Get out there and make it happen! Anthony T.Hincks
 When youre in love, the sun never stops shining. Anthony T.Hincks
 Buddha gives me the strength to bring my words to life and he gives me the strength to share my love of life. Anthony T.Hincks
 To be a philosopher, just reverse everything you have ever been told...and have a sense of humor doing it. Criss Jami, Killosophy 
 Happiness is a very pretty thing to feel, but very dry to talk about. Jeremy Bentham, The Panopticon Writings 
 One does not have to be a philosopher to be a successful artist, but he does have to be an artist to be a successful philosopher. His nature is to view the world in an unpredictable albeit useful light. Criss Jami, Killosophy 
 How can I know for sure if its my son speaking and not you?You never can, my lord. Just as no man can ever be sure that he alone is a thinking and feeling creature and everyone else a machine that only pretends to feel and think. Paul Hoffman, The Left Hand of God 
 Our natures are, indeed, elusively insubstantialnotoriously less stable and less inherent than the nature of other things. And insofar as this is the case, sincerity itself is bullshit. Harry G. Frankfurt, On Bullshit 
 The boundaries we erect to divide heaven from earth, mind from matter, real from unreal are mere conveniences. Having made the boundaries, we can unmake them just as easily. Deepak Chopra, The Way of the Wizard: Twenty Spiritual Lessons for Creating the Life You Want 
 Bodies are real entities. Surfaces and lines are but fictitious entities. A surface without depth, a line without thickness, was never seen by any man no nor can any conception be seriously formed of its existence. Jeremy Bentham, The Panopticon Writings 
 In the mind of all, fiction, in the logical sense, has been the coin of necessityin that of poets of amusementin that of the priest and the lawyer of mischievous immorality in the shape of mischievous ambition,and too often both priest and lawyer have framed or made in part this instrument. Jeremy Bentham, The Panopticon Writings 
 We belittle what we cannot bear. We make figments out of fundamentals, all in the name of preserving our own peculiar fancies. The best way to secure ones own deception is to accuse others of deceit. R. Scott Bakker, The White Luck Warrior 
 Apakah seorang pencari keheningan adalah si mulia? ataukah si pengecut yang tidak berani menghadapi masalah dunia? Cok Sawitri
 you shall be told what pleased me to-day in the writings ofHecato it is these words: What progress, you ask, have I made? I have begun to be a friend to myself. That wasindeed a great benefit such a person can never be alone. You may be sure that such a man is a friend to all mankind. Seneca, Letters from a Stoic 
 Do you want to achieve something or do you just want to make money? asked a nearby man in a white shirt to another man in a striped shirt. I waited for the answer as I slowly walked past them. Why is it an either or question? the man in the striped shirt finally murmured philosophically under a sip of beer. They both stood there looking at each other in thought. Daniel Amory, Minor Snobs 
 It is strange the way trauma deadens curiosity. To suffer cruelty in excess is to be delivered from care. The human heart sets aside its questions when the future is too capricious. This is the irony of tribulation.To know the world will never be so bad. R. Scott Bakker, The White Luck Warrior 
 In numele si sub teroarea ei (plictiselii, n.m.) parasesc oamenii caminul si moartea agreabila legata de el si se avanta in lume, spre a muri undeva fara acoperis si fara lacrimi adolescentii se gandesc la sinucideri in zile infinite de primavara, iar servitoarele fara amanti se lamenteaza duminicile, de parca inima lor e un cimitir in care mortii nu pot dormi. Emil M. Cioran, Tears and Saints 
 Dont you think most of those kids think too much about who got an A or a B when they were in law school and what that means to an inflated G.P.A. and not enough about the world? asked Connor irrelevantly. Daniel Amory, Minor Snobs 
 We all reach a point that is the limit of our understanding. When we stare over the precipice of uncertainty and into the dark unknown that we cannot explain with hard evidence, that is when we trade understanding for belief. At best, we make an educated guess. At worst, we make blind leaps of faith. Ramsey Isler, The Ninth Order 
 Really, nobody was there? I asked.Well, nobody important, he said, putting his glasses back on and blinking. Daniel Amory, Minor Snobs 
 Should I have a doughnut or my disgusting cardboard? asked Gwynn, as she drew up languidly before me at a study table in a bookstore on State Street, raising a puffed rice cake in the air. My eyes narrowed attentively at her face, but as I hesitated, she announced eagerly, Disgusting cardboard it is! Daniel Amory, Minor Snobs 
 Call it a wonder or a mystery and you have an excuse to never try understanding it - an excuse to not take responsibility for it. People knew about love no more than they knew about Science, but at least most did not jump into Science headstrong, with the hope that they would figure it out as they went, or that some mysterious inborn trait would take care of it. Lynna Merrill, The Seekers of Fire 
 Identifying the flaw in the US philosophical roots requires that we move beyond the intellectual and emotional climate in which the Constitution was conceived and adopted. The meanings of concepts and words change with use, and even the Supreme Court has admitted that the original perspective of the American social contract has been altered by the passage of time. David E. Wilkins, The Legal Universe: Observations of the Foundations of American Law 
 I tried to make my life colorful with basic colors Red, Green and Blue....... ohh god... my perfection in blending made it white !!! now again confused. should go with :( or :) Saket Assertive
 Ik kwam er achter dat ik er mijn hele leven heus niet naar had verlang om te leven - als wat anderen doen tenminste leven genoemd kan worden - maar wel om mezelf te kunnen uitdrukken. Henry Miller
 You know, sometimes I think this is just not it, he said, his glasses flashing from the early nights light. He turned toward me in a thoughtful pause.You know what I mean, Tom? he asked. Its just not. Daniel Amory, Minor Snobs 
 You should never ever lose sight of your dreams. Anthony T.Hincks
 Being human complicates things. Anthony T.Hincks
 There will always be someone better looking better off smarter richer thinner taller shorter have more friends than you a better car and a better house.You might not have what they have, but when you look in the mirror, thats you!And thats something that they dont have and will never have! Anthony T.Hincks
 Divinity retains the appearance of insight, when in reality it celebrates ignorance. Its tenets are so much clay, and when the clay sets, it becomes dogma. Anthony Ryan, Tower Lord 
 Some women think being arrogant, selfish, bitter and looking down on others are qualities of being an Independent, strong, powerful and successful business women. No matter how high you are in life. Never look down on others and never forget humanity. De philosopher DJ Kyos
 Buddha lets me see the world in color so that I can appreciate its color.Just as God too lets you see the color of beauty in the world.And so too with Allah because he lets you see the beauty in everything.....I cannot begin to understand all religions, but I know one thing.Color brings love into our world regardless of who we are what we preach or what we believe in.And to me, that is the only truth that I know. Anthony T.Hincks
 A positive is just two negatives going in two different directions. So, if something doesnt work, change tact, and come at it from a different direction. You never know, it may just work.Thats being positive for ya! Anthony T.Hincks
 Dont criticize me because of what I write, because for all you know, I could be right! Anthony T.Hincks
 Dont be afraid to talk because in the long run, you will be afraid that you were too silent. Anthony T.Hincks
 The philosophy of a person speaks of what dictates or governs how and what someone believes. Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance 
 Whatever your passion, make sure you hold unto a philosophy that is bigger and greater than you. Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance 
 How many times have I crossed over the same patch of ground looking for the answer which was there right in front of me all the time? Anthony T. Hincks
 When you have faith in yourself, the possibilities are endless. Anthony T. Hincks
 Not all dreams are possible or realistic. When this happens you have to bade them farewell. This isnt failure, but its a sign of maturity and learning on your part. All you need to do is rethink what you wanted to do, in the first place,and see what you can change.Then that is called determination and that, will lead to you having success. Anthony T. Hincks
 My mission is to make the external God of human society obsolete in front of humanitys internal Godliness. Abhijit Naskar
 I never attempt to take away peoples God from them, because that God is associated with a lot of human sentiments in the human psyche that act as fuel in daily survival. If you try to take away some hungry mans stale bread, he would fight back, but if you give him something healthier and more substantial than the bread, then he would throw away the bread himself and accept your better food. The same is for God. Abhijit Naskar
 Before you open your mouth to say something, take a step back and imagine what youre going to say was said to you.It makes you think twice, doesnt it? Anthony T.Hincks
 Dont waste our childrens future on mans past. Anthony T.Hincks
 Submit in silence and scream from within.Or...Stand up and shout and silence the pain. Anthony T. Hincks
 When you smile I cant tell where your rainbow ends and mine begins. Anthony T. Hincks
 The essence of me, is YOU. Anthony T.Hincks
 A sailors love for the sea is only matched by his mistresss salty kiss. Anthony T.Hincks
 Even demons can fall in love. Anthony T.Hincks
 I cant give you my beating heart, but I can give you my unconditional love. Anthony T.Hincks
 Success is not a finite resource share it, wish it on others, and celebrate others Savania China
 Indeed neither life nor science bothers about essences-they leave essences to metaphysics, which is neither life nor science. Alfred Korzybski, Manhood of Humanity 
 A grudge was just another debt owed. Alex London, Proxy 
 A smile is what makes a face beautiful. Anthony T.Hincks
 I was reborn...as ME! Anthony T.Hincks
 There is not much to be got anywhere in the world. It is filled with misery and pain if a man escapes these, boredeom lies in wait for him at every corner. Nay more it is evil which generally has the upper hand, and folly that makes the most noise. Fate is cruel and mankind pitiable. Arthur Schopenhauer, The Wisdom of Life 
 Health is the natural condition. When sickness occurs, it is a sign that Nature has gone off course because of a physical or mental imbalance. The road to health for everyone is through moderation, harmony, and a sound mind in a sound body. Jostein Gaarder, Sophies World 
 The darkening of the world makes the irrationality of art rational: radically darkened art. Theodor W. Adorno, Aesthetic Theory 
 The connection between art and Christ is like the connection between sunlight and the sun. It is, in fact, the connection between Sonlight and the Son. Peter Kreeft, Jesus-Shock 
 Art is the social antithesis of society, not directly deducible from it. Theodor W. Adorno, Aesthetic Theory 
 If you believed in Christianity or Islam it was called faith, but if you believed in astrology or friday the thirteenth it was Superstition! Jostein Gaarder, Sophies World 
 For an author to write as he speaks is just as reprehensible as the opposite fault, to speak as he writes for this gives a pedantic effect to what he says, and at the same time makes him hardly intelligible Arthur Schopenhauer
 Tom felt his darkness. His father was beautiful and clever, his mother was short and mathematically sure. Each of his brothers and sisters had looks or gifts or fortune. Tom loved all of them passionately, but he felt heavy and earth-bound. He climbed ecstatic mountains and floundered in the rocky darkness between the peaks. He had spurts of bravery but they were bracketed in battens of cowardice. John Steinbeck, East of Eden 
 He could very likely have appealed for leniency. At least he could have saved his life by agreeing to leave Athens. But had he done this he would not have been Socrates. He valued his conscience--and the truth-- higher than life. Jostein Gaarder, Sophies World 
 Socrates: This man, on one hand, believes that he knows something, while not knowing anything. On the other hand, I equally ignorant do not believe that I know anything. Plato, Apology 
 The Theist tells us that the truth is god exists,the Atheist tells us that the truth is there is no god,while the truth tells us we dont know. Kodai Okuda
 Qualsiasi uomo notevole, chiunque cio non appartenga a quei 56 dellumanit dotati tanto miseramente dalla natura, rimarr dopo i quarantanni difficilmente esente da una certa traccia di misantropia. Arthur Schopenhauer
 Mr. Trask, do you think the thoughts of people suddenly become important at a given age? Do you have sharper feelings or clearer thoughts now than when you were ten? Do you see as well, hear as well, taste as vitally? John Steinbeck
 One must try to make ones life as pleasant as possible. Im alive and its not my fault, which means I must somehow go on living the best I can, without bothering anybody, until I die.But what makes you live? With such thoughts, youll sit without moving, without undertaking anything...Life wont leave one alone as it is. Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace 
 Man is the measure of all things, said the Sophist Protagora (c. 485-410 B.C.). By that he meant that the question of whether a thing is right or wrong, good or bad, must always be considered in relation to a persons needs. Jostein Gaarder, Sophies World 
 I pretend not to be a champion of that same naked virtue called truth, to the very outrance. I can consent that her charms be hidden with a veil, were it but for decencys sake. Walter Scott, Kenilworth 
 When we sense something, it is due to the movement of atoms in space. When I see the moon it is because moon atoms penetrate my eye. Jostein Gaarder, Sophies World 
 One of chief pieces of advice I give to aspiring rationalists is Dont try to be clever. And, Listen to those quiet, nagging doubts. If you dont know, you dont know what you dont know, you dont know how much you dont know, and you dont know how much you needed to know. Eliezer Yudkowsky
 If your treated like a puppet find a new ball of string Benny Bellamacina, Piddly Poems for Children 
 Mereka yang memimpin selalu lupa ketika dipimpin, seperti kupu-kupu dengan kepompong, lupa bahkan pada ulat sebagai asalnya. Cok Sawitri, Sutasoma 
 Dove la moralit troppo forte lintelletto perisce. Friedrich Nietzsche
 Enuncia algunos textos muy contundentes. Son textos en los cuales la destreza literaria casi infinita que tena Sartre se pone al servicio de la contundencia conceptual. Y cuando se logra esto a un pensador se lo entiende y se lo recibe en plenitud. Jos Pablo Feinmann
 Its a sad day for American Capitalism when a man cant fly a midget on a kite over central park. Jim Moran
 Zsoronga, Sorweel was beginning to realize, possessed the enviable ability to yoke his conviction to his need to believe, absolutely, whatever his heart required. For Sorweel, belief and want always seemed like ropes too short to bind together, forcing him to play the knot as a result. R. Scott Bakker, The White Luck Warrior 
 The philosophy of poetry must acknowledge that the poetic act has no past, at least no recent past, in which its preparation and appearance could be followed. Gaston Bachelard, The Poetics of Space 
 When I say that consciousness is an illusion I do not mean that consciousness does not exist. I mean that consciousness is not what it appears to be. If it seems to be a continuous stream of rich and detailed experiences, happening one after the other to a conscious person, this is the illusion. Susan Blackmore
 Moralitycanprovideatmostonlyaseverelylimitedandinsufficientanswertothequestionofhowapersonshouldlive. Harry G. Frankfurt, The Reasons of Love 
 It is evident as a matter of logic that, since they (world religions) disagree, not more than one of them can be true. Bertrand Russell
 When Coleridge tried to define beauty, he returned always to one deep thought beauty, he said, is unity in variety! Science is nothing else than the search to discover unity in the wild variety of nature,or, more exactly, in the variety of our experience. Poetry, painting, the arts are the same search, in Coleridges phrase, for unity in variety. Bronowski
 If disaster, so be it, they said to themselves. There was nothing to be done except what could be done. The rest -- like the salt water around them, which swallowed the snow without effort, remaining what it was implacably -- was out of their hands, beyond. David Guterson, Snow Falling on Cedars 
 Le spectacle est le mauvais rve de la socit moderne enchane, qui nexprime finalement que son dsir de dormir. Le spectacle est le gardien de ce sommeil. Guy Debord
 In the most general terms, the Enlightenment goes back to Platos belief that truth and beauty and goodness are connected that truth and beauty, disseminated widely, will sooner or later lead to goodness. (While were making at effort at truth and goodness, beauty reminds us what were hold out for.) Susan Neiman, Moral Clarity: A Guide for Grown-up Idealists 
 Is beauty enhanced or adulterated by utility? Sena Jeter Naslund, Ahabs Wife, or The Star-Gazer 
 Certainty a strange Ferris wheel of a statement! John Allen Paulos
 The best reaction to a paradox is to invent a genuinely new and deep idea. Ian Hacking, An Introduction to Probability and Inductive Logic 
 The negotiations were simultaneously cerebral and physical, abstract and personal, something like a combination of chess and mountain climbing. Richard Holbrooke, To End a War: The Conflict in Yugoslavia--Americas Inside Story--Negotiating with Milosevic 
 Il est le soleil qui ne se couche jamais sur lempire de la passivit moderne. Il recouvre toute la surface du monde et baigne indfiniment dans sa propre gloire. Guy Debord
 Partout o il y a reprsentation indpendante, le spectacle se reconstitue. Guy Debord, The Society of the Spectacle 
 Napoleon said of Massena, that he was not himself until the battle began to go against him then, when the dead began to fall in ranks around him, awoke his powers of combination, and he put on terror and victory as a robe. So it is in rugged crises, in unweariable endurance, and in aims which put sympathy out of question, that the angel is shown. Ralph Waldo Emerson, Collected Works of Ralph Waldo Emerson, Volume I: Nature, Addresses, and Lectures 
 Le spectacle est la principale production de la socit actuelle. Guy Debord
 Il est ce qui chappe lactivit des hommes, la reconsidration et la correction de leur uvre. Guy Debord
 Dont tout avoir effectif doit tirer son prestige immdiat et sa fonction dernire. Guy Debord
 Not a good book. It attempts to take a complex subject and make it assessable to the layman with cartoons, and in this effort it fails. Moreover, the authors often take biased stances, and while I agree with them for the most part it nonetheless detracts from any scholarly offerings in which they wish to partake. Richard Appignanesi, Introducing Postmodernism 
 Le but nest rien, le dveloppement est tout. Le spectacle ne veut en venir rien dautre qu lui-mme. Guy Debord
 Youre still a little shy, I see, the wizard noted. I think if you ignore evil, my friend, it tends to grow stronger. (Quinhelm, the wizard - from BRIGGEN) Ann B. Keller
 Rousseau identified reason as the disease for which it pretended to be the cure. Robert Zaretsky
 Une philosophie doit etre portative. Paul Valry, Cahiers Notebooks 
 I am philosophical Christ crucified on the cross of ignorance for the sake ofdivine vanity. Kedar Joshi
 Look at this leaf. When youre standing close to it you can see every single detail of the leaf. You may think that its important to see things, like this leaf, up close but that is an incorrect notion because it is also important to view things from afar. Thats why it is necessary to look at all perspectives of an issue or of an object. --The Unnamed Samurai (Chapter 5) Melissa Rose Lawrence, The Autumnal Winds 
 Thesis, antithesis, synthesis, he said. That is where all truth comes from. One idea is born---thesis. A counter-idea rises to fight it---antithesis. From the clash of the two arises truth---synthesis. Jonathan Maas, The Dog That Laid Eggs 
 Our government says people must not take law in their own hands, But has given the law in the hands of people who in power. That is why people who are in power are always corrupt, arrogant, violent, Aggressive, selfish, and dont care about anyone. They get away with all the bad things they do that Is criminating unlawful and injustice De philosopher DJ Kyos
 Dad? Jesus asked.Yes, son, God said.Why do people have sins? Jesus asked.Its to remind them that theyre human, God replied.But, wouldnt they be better off just being perfect? Jesus now asked.God smiled, Then they wouldnt learn anything, he said. Anthony T.Hincks
 By convention sweet and by convention bitter, by convention hot, by convention cold, by convention color but in reality atoms and void. Democritus
 Only by knowing yourself can you live honestly and find your own path. Gregory Bassham, The Ultimate Harry Potter and Philosophy: Hogwarts for Muggles 
 Its in out-of-the-ordinary situations - especially situations of challenge or adversity - that the most important differences between people shine through. Gregory Bassham, The Ultimate Harry Potter and Philosophy: Hogwarts for Muggles 
 If we forget the past, individually or as a culture, we lose knowledge that has already been gained, and we lose valuable tools by which our knowledge may grow. S. Joel Garver
 we live best when we live for a cause greater than ourselves Michael W. Austin
 I didnt give up in the nine months it took to get here, so Im sure as hell not going to give up now! Anthony T.Hincks
 Be still! Or life will pass you by. Anthony T.Hincks
 I love your imperfections just as much as I love your perfections. Anthony T.Hincks
 The darkest things of this world nestle inseparable from, and do not eclipse, its equally boundless graces and glories. Brian Awehali
 Esta dependencia del tutelaje es auto-impuesta, pues su causa no reside en falta de razn, sino que en falta de resolucin y coraje para usarla sin la direccin de otro. No se atreven a pensar por s mismos. Warren Orbaugh, El retorno del superhombre 
 Nuestra peor tragedia, Yocasta, sera, que llegado el momento de morir, veamos hacia atrs y nos demos cuenta de que no hemos vivido, de que tan slo hemos pasado por el mundo por casualidad, matando el tiempo, en espera de la necesidad de la muerte. Warren Orbaugh, El retorno del superhombre 
 To exist as an interpreter of the law, you first have to follow that law yourself. Law is the glue that holds society together. Its flawed, but absolute, and corruption only hinders its progress. Rebecca McNutt
 Comedians can turn laughter into tears and back again. Anthony T.Hincks
 Meetings! Meetings! Meetings!Do they ever achieve anything or do they just let a lot of hot air out of an already over inflated balloon? Anthony T.Hincks
 Psychiatric institutions are filled with lots of normal people. Anthony T.Hincks
 Being a billionaire helps when you live in a slum and have to eat scraps of food and drink dirty water. Anthony T.Hincks
 Visionaries create dreams out of thin air! Anthony T.Hincks
 The positivists have a simple solution: the world must be divided into that which we can say clearly and the rest, which we had better pass over in silence. But can anyone conceive of a more pointless philosophy, seeing that what we can say clearly amounts to next to nothing? If we omitted all that is unclear, we would probably be left completely uninteresting and trivial tautologies. Werner Heisenberg
 He was a philosopher, if you know what that was.A man who dreams of fewer things than there are in heaven and earth, said the Savage promptly.Quite so Aldous Huxley, Brave New World 
 We are not our own light. Nicolas Malebranche
 The fact that life has no meaning is a reason to live-moreover, the only one. Emil M. Cioran
 I do not know what the heart of a rascal may be, but I know what is in the heart of an honest man it is horrible. Joseph de Maistre
 striid andWthdraw into yourself. Our master-reason asks no more than to act justly, and thereby to achieve calm. Marcus Aurelius, Meditations 
 War is thus divine in itself, since it is a law of the world. War is divine through its consequences of a supernatural nature which are as much general as particular. War is divine in the mysterious glory that surrounds it and in the no less inexplicable attraction that draws us to it. War is divine by the manner in which it breaks out. Joseph de Maistre
 I have always thought that all philosophical debates are ultimately between the partisans of structure and the partisans of goo. Alan W. Watts, The Essential Alan Watts 
 A truth is not necessary, because we negatively are not able to conceive the actual existence of the opposite thereofbut a truth is necessary when we positively are able to apprehend that the negation thereof includes an inevitable contradiction. It is not that that we can see how the opposite comes to be true, but it is that the opposite can not possibly be true. Robert Lewis Dabney
 Thought is what we start from: the simple, intimate, immediate datum. Matter is the inferred thing, the mystery. C.S. Lewis
 la proprit, cest le vol! Pierre-Joseph Proudhon, Thorie de la proprit 
 Septimus has been working too hard - that was all she could say to her own mother. To love makes one solitary, she thought. Virginia Woolf, Mrs. Dalloway 
 Students of the heavens are separable into astronomers and astrologers as readily as are the minor domestic ruminants into sheep and goats, but the separation of philosophers into sages and cranks seems to be more sensitive to frames of reference. Willard Van Orman Quine
 Truth may start out timid, but it finishes bold. T.J. Forrester, Miracles, Inc.: A Novel 
 Historically, philosophy does not have an impressive track record of answering questions about natural world in a decisive manner. Christof Koch
 Tristetea, ca si suferinta, ne revela existenta, deoarece n ele avem n constiinta separatia noastra de lumea obiectiva si nelinistea care da un caracter tragic vietuirii n existenta.Daca ar exista un zeu al tristetii, lui nu i-ar putea creste dect aripi negre si grele, pentru a zbura nu nspre ceruri, ci n infern. Emil M. Cioran
 The road ahead is long and there will be many setbacks. Success is not assured but the price of failure has never been this high. Charles Lee Lesher, Shadow on the Moon 
 Aus Lgen, die wir glauben, werden Wahrheiten, mit denen wir leben. Oliver Hassencamp
 Only by showing the world the cataclysmic cost of a world divided can it appreciate the wonders of life and endless possibilities of a world united. William Bailey, Great Ship of Knowledge: Learning Earths Deathly History 
 The most important thing I gained from my travels was the knowledge that one could achieve anything with determination and an ounce of luck. Stefan Waydenfeld
 On Jason Mashaks book SALTY AS A LIP, as reviewed in The Prague Post: Mashak amalgamates various national, historical and religious traditions into a myth-mash that illuminates many sects fanatical compartmentalizing, and the fact that so many religions and philosophies share similar goals, if not roots. Stephan Delbos
 you got a sad story, ruth, mimba said. but not sad-sad. you here with me and cato and all us together now. you have a happy-sad story. best you can get in this life is happy-sad. but you always gotta remember your own mama that birthed you. even though you only got a crumb of her story, you still got to say her name out loud. you always honor your dead, else you get trouble from them, sure. Anita Diamant, The Last Days of Dogtown 
 To establish that a rule is likely to be true, one must try to prove it false. Stuart Sutherland, Irrationality 
 A farm regulated to production of raw commodities is not a farm at all. It is a temporary blip until the land is used up, the water polluted, the neighbors nauseated, and the air unbreathable. The farmhouse, the concrete, the machinery, and outbuildings become relics of a bygone vibrancy when another family farm moves to the city financial centers for relief. Joel Salatin, Everything I Want to Do Is Illegal: War Stories from the Local Food Front 
 Kein Philosoph wrde ein dickes Buch schreiben, wenn er im Vornherein wsste, auf welche Weise er spter zitiert werden wird. Juli Zeh, Spieltrieb 
 There is only one religion - it is a way a man dies. James Runcie, The Colour Of Heaven 
 Das Spiel ist der Inbegriff demokratischer Lebensart. Es ist die letzt uns verbliebene Seinsform. Der Spieltrieb ersetzt die Religiositt, beherrscht die Brse, die Politik, die Gerichtssle, die Pressewelt, und er ist es, der uns seit Gottes Tod mental am Leben hlt. Juli Zeh, Spieltrieb 
 It aint no broken. Scott Taylor
 For Christians . . . an unreflective faith is not possible if we take seriously the injunction to love God with the mind as well as the heart and soul. Delwin Brown, What Does a Progressive Christian Believe?: A Guide for the Searching, the Open, and the Curious 
 Nobody can act beyond their level of consciousness. Eckart Tolle
 All things in the world of Nature are not controlled by Fate for the soul has a principle of its own. Iamblichus
 Without sound,There would be no music.And without music,There would be no life.And without a life force,There would be no matter.But it does not matter -Because what is matter,If there is no light? Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem 
 I was transformed the dayMy ego shattered,And all the superficial, materialThings that matteredTo me before,Suddenly ceasedTo matter. Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem 
 YOU ARE JUSTYou are not just for the right or left,but for what is right over the wrong.You are not just rich or poor,but always wealthy in the mind and heart.You are not perfect, but flawed.You are flawed, but you are just.You may just be conscious human,but you are also a magnificentreflection of God. Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem 
 There is more for us to gain through love than hate. Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem 
 Some of my best ideas come from when Im sitting on the toilet. Anthony T Hincks
 I dont celebrate any friendship that was build on hate, because we share the common enemy. De philosopher DJ Kyos
 Children are no longer being parented, but are raised. Thats why they dont have morals, ethics,humanity and manners, because their parents neglected them. We now live in a society that doesnt care about right or wrong. De philosopher DJ Kyos
 If you have influence on other people. Dont be influenced by their hate, money, jealousy, anger and popularity . De philosopher DJ Kyos
 When people support you when you have done something wrong. It doesnt mean you are right, but it means those people are promoting their hate , bad behavior or living their bad lives through you. De philosopher DJ Kyos
 I sing, not because Im happy, but because Im in love with the world. Anthony T.Hincks
 You dont need to look at the beauty to feel the love. Anthony T.Hincks
 Even when your life is full of color, you still need to be reminded that things come in black and white. Anthony T.Hincks
 Rainbows make great pets,because theyre already house trained. Anthony T.Hincks
 A week is an eternity between lovers. Anthony T.Hincks
 I never realized just how many things I really hated until you walked out the door and out of my life. Anthony T.Hincks
 You are what you are, and what you are is not me! Anthony T.Hincks
 I tried your best and it didnt work, so now Im going to try my best and Im sure that Ill succeed! Anthony T.Hincks
 (So), he who displays himself does not shine he who asserts his own views is not distinguished he who vaunts himself does not find his merit acknowledged he who is self-conceited has no superiority allowed to him. Lao Tzu, Tao Te Ching 
 God can make a cow out of a tree, but has He ever done so? Therefore show some reason why a thing is so, or cease to hold that it is so. William of Conches
 Philosophers Syndrome: mistaking a failure of the imagination for an insight into necessity. Daniel C. Dennett, Consciousness Explained 
 The best proof that He will never cease to love us lies in that He never began. Geerhardus Vos, Redemptive History and Biblical Interpretation: The Shorter Writings of Geerhardus Vos 
 But no: he was empty, he was confronted by a vast anger, a desperate anger, he saw it and could almost have touched it. But it was inert - if it were to live and find expression and suffer, he must lend it his own body. It was other peoples anger. Swine! He clenched his fists, he strode along, but nothing came, the anger remained external to himself. Jean-Paul Sartre, The Age of Reason 
 Since God is truth, a contempt for truth is equally a contempt for God. Gordon H. Clark, A Christian Philosophy of Education 
 Progress has always been achieved by probing well-entrenched and well-founded forms of life with unpopular and unfounded values. This is how man gradually freed himself from fear and from the tyranny of unexamined systems. Paul Karl Feyerabend, Problems of Empiricism: Philosophical Papers: Problems of Empiricism v. 2 (Philosophical Papers 
 Faith in Quranic revelation unveils all the possibilities that lie before the human intellect. Osman Bakar, Tawhid and Science 
 For everyone now strives most of all to seperate his person, wishing to experience the fullness of life within himself, and yet what comes of all his efforts is not the fullness of life, but full suicide, for instead of the fullness of self-definition, they fall into complete isolation. Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov 
 The unity of scientific and spiritual knowledge is realized when each of the particular sciences is organically related to the supreme knowledge of al-tawhid. Osman Bakar, Tawhid and Science 
 We hold the future still timidly, but perceive it for the first time as a function of our own action. J.D. Bernal, The World, the Flesh & the Devil: An Enquiry into the Future of the Three Enemies of the Rational Soul 
 Good god its great to be a Bull Mongoni! James J. Caterino, Rise of the Bull Mongoni 
 To the extent that in ones act of faith one participates in the truth through reason and heart, faith already implies a particular level of knowledge and of certainty. Osman Bakar
 Most of us form estimates of our intelligence, wisdom, and moral fiber that are considerably higher than an objective estimate would warrant no doubt 90 percent of us think ourselves well above average along these lines. Alvin Plantinga, Warranted Christian Belief 
 The man who says that all events are necessitated has no ground for critizing the man who says that not all events are necessitated. For according to him this is itself a necessitated event. Epicurus, Epicurus: Letters, Principal Doctrines, and Vatican Sayings 
 Not telling is just as interesting as telling I have found. Why speech, that short verbal journey from inside to outside can be excrutiating under certain circumstances is fascinating. Siri Hustvedt, The Summer Without Men 
 De jure objections are arguments of claims to the effect that Christian belief, whether or not true, is at any rate unjustifiable, or rationally unjustified, or irrational, or not intellectually respectable, or contrary to sound morality, or without sufficient evidence, or in some other way rationally unacceptable, not up to snuff from an intellectual point of view. Alvin Plantinga, Warranted Christian Belief 
 Rationalism is false not because it seeks to express reality in rational mode, so far as this possible, but because it seeks to embrace the whole of reality in the realm of reason, as if the reason coincides with the very principle of things. Osman Bakar
 Both Quine and Feyerabend want to revise a version of positivism. Quine started with the Vienna Circle, and Feyerabend with the Copenhagen school of quantum mechanics. Both the Circle and the school have been called children of Ernst Mach if so, the philosophies of Feyerabend and Quine must be his grandchildren. Ian Hacking, Why Does Language Matter to Philosophy? 
 Tudo permitido e vlido em nome do monoplio universal da distino entre o verdadeiro e o falso. Everything is permitted and valid in the name of universal monopoly of the distinction between true and false. Victor Eustquio
 We chart delusions through collective agreement. Siri Hustvedt, The Summer Without Men 
 Wir werden alt und grau. Wir werden eines Tages verschlissen sein und aus der Welt verschwinden. Mit unseren Trumen ist das anders. Sie knnen in anderen Menschen weiterleben, wenn es uns schon lngst, lngst nicht mehr gibt. Jostein Gaarder, The Solitaire Mystery: A Novel About Family and Destiny 
 Particularity leads to peculiarity and then to pathological behavior. The three Ps. It is very insidious. You would eventually end up in a box. If you try to control your environment, it will control you. And everyone else around you will always have to be making adjustments to your maddening idiosyncracies...You are beginning to enslave yourself with your fussiness. Susan Trott
 Tis the wink of an eye, tis the draught of a breath,From the blossom of health to the paleness of death,From the gilded saloon to the bier and the shroud-Oh! why should the spirit of mortal be proud? William Knox
 If time is precious, no book that will not improve by repeated readings deserves to be read at all. Thomas Carlyle, Essays on Goethe 
 Virtue comes through contemplation of the divine, and the exercise of philosophy. But it also comes through public service. The one is incomplete without the other. Power without wisdom is tyranny wisdom without power is pointless. Iain Pears, The Dream of Scipio 
 The time of the autumn floods came and the hundred streams poured into the Yellow River. Then the Lord of the River was beside himself with Joy, believing that all the beauty in the world belonged to him alone. Zhuangzi, Chuang Tzu: Basic Writings 
 Time is the Mind of Space. Samuel Alexander, Space, Time and Deity: The Gifford Lectures at Glasgow Part One 
 Philosophy cannot be extinguished, though men will try ... The spirit seeks the light, that is its nature. It wishes to return to its origin, and must forever try to reach enlightenment. Iain Pears, The Dream of Scipio 
 We make versions, and true versions make worlds. Nelson Goodman
 Weather is a purely personal matter. There is no such thing as a climate that is cold or hot, good or bad, healthy or unhealthy. People take it upon themselves to create a fantasy in their imagination and call it weather. Theres only one climate in the world, but the message that nature sends is interpreted according to strictly personal, non-transferable rules. lvaro Mutis, The Adventures and Misadventures of Maqroll 
 If he was not exactly a Spartan, he was, you might say, spartanatical. Things happened to you they were good,or they were bad - and that was the truth about everything. A.E. Coppard, Dusky Ruth: And Other Stories 
 Flow is the best of what happens when potential is activated by consciousness. Dew Platt, The Rudeness of Soul 
 Let those who want to save the world if you can get to see it clear and as a whole. Then any part you make will represent the whole if its made truly. The thing to do is work and learn to make it. Ernest Hemingway, Death in the Afternoon 
 Far from rejecting outright any hierarchy of success or failure, philosophy instead reconfigures the judging process, lending legitimacy to theidea that themainstream value system may unfairly consign some people to disgrace and others to respectability. Alain de Botton, Status Anxiety 
 While it was well within their powers to toy around with mortals like hapless puppets, deeper human workings remained elusive to them. The heart, the soul, the very foundation of mans naturethose were mysteries to the gods, for all their manipulations. Hayden Thorne, Arabesque 
 For an act to be evil, you must first perceive it, process and then conceive it as such. Then these acts are effects. Theyre not causes. And by this I mean that these acts are not of Stream. Now we ask the other question again. What does it take for something, here specifically Stream, to be good or evil? Dew Platt, The Rudeness of Soul 
 It is impossible for Stream to achieve unhappiness. Indeed it is. Unless that is, it exists in consciousness. It is impossible for the unordered to achieve happiness or unhappiness unless it were to Flow a certain way in relation with ordered effects.Unhappiness, happiness is a potential activated by the ordered in Flow. Dew Platt, The Rudeness of Soul 
 Mortals are odd creatures in that senseflawed yet hopeful. One can study them through millennia and still get nowhere near full understanding of their nature. Hayden Thorne, Arabesque 
 If you cant test it, its not theorics -- its metatheorics. A branch of philosophy. So, if you want to think of it this way, our test equipment is what defines the boundary separating theorics from philosophy. Neal Stephenson, Anathem 
 Time is simply the measurement of human progression against that of existence. Gerald M. Givens
 When we run away from something. Were usually running away from ourselves. Anthony T.Hincks
 If youre going on a journey take a rainbow with you because you never know who you are going to meet. Anthony T.Hincks
 A new beauty has been added to the splendor of the world - the beauty of speed. Filippo Tommaso Marinetti
 Im the cover of a book,Whose pages are still being written Richard L. Ratliff
 The biggest magic of the world is DEATH. Shilpa Dasgupta
 Welcome to Eartholpoly the game where youre not in control. Anthony T.Hincks
 PLEASE and THANK YOU...two polite phrases which are slowly disappearing from our vocabulary. Anthony T.Hincks
 Everybody is on the run. Either from something or someone. Anthony T.Hincks
 A smile is on everyones lips. Anthony T.Hincks
 Perfection isnt something that we can see and it isnt something that we can touch, but it exists here on Earth.It resides in each and everyone of us within our hearts.Its called LOVE! Anthony T.Hincks
 We only listen to what we want to hear. Anthony T.Hincks
 Sometimes, I just want to hug everyone. Anthony T.Hincks
 Numbers and more numbers...the future of mankind has come down to decimals. I guess you will figure that out, eventually. Anthony T.Hincks
 Independence Day is a day of truth,It stands for us,Both me and you,It gives us hope,To fight on days,When there are others against us,What more can I say.It gives us glory,Our land to share,With each other,We shall not despair.The land of freedom,Our liberty tall,She shines her torch,For one and all.The fourth of July,Is our special day,Its when we came of age,Thats all Ill say.God Bless! Anthony T.Hincks
 Fireworks can make us both happy and sad. It just depends if we are talking about fireworks in the sky or fireworks with another. Anthony T.Hincks
 If you are at school you must be royalty because you have lots of subjects. Anthony T.Hincks
 A friend of mine gave me a rainbow and it made me happy. So, I in turn, gave it to a complete stranger and then it made both of us smile. Anthony T.Hincks
 Even writing about rainbows makes me smile. Anthony T.Hincks
 The song says respect yourself.But I would rather respect another and then have them respect me in return. Anthony T. Hincks
 Books will never die out as long as there are people around. Anthony T. Hincks
 You hear with your ears, but you listen with an open mind. Anthony T. Hincks
 If we fought wars with laughter instead of bullets, you would die laughing instead of just dying. Anthony T. Hincks
 A secondary source doesnt mean someones leftover ketchup. Anthony T. Hincks
 Inspiration comes from not only within ourselves, but also from watching life around us. Anthony T. Hincks
 Use every resource at your disposal to better your life. Kyos Magupe, The Theory of 46 Bes 
 You can change your life by changing your ways. Kyos Magupe
 In their minds, it seems as though people dont often have the same answers, but in their hearts, they do very frequently have the same questions. Criss Jami
 Some people the reason they hate you it is because they think they are better than you and you dont deserve what you have in your life. Kyos Magupe
 If youre tired of triviality, maybe its time you changed your life. Anthony T.Hincks
 As an individual I stand out.As a member of society, you dont. Anthony T.Hincks
 I can see why living people would dream up that vision of ghosts. No one wants to believe life ends this way...interrupted, unresolved, and unfinished. Amy Huntley, The Everafter 
 Telling the truth is less demanding than telling a lie. Eraldo Banovac
 The best advice will come from the person who has no personal interest in the matter. Eraldo Banovac
 Absolute consciousness is manifest here in every circumstance of daily life because it is everywhere full and perfect. Consciousness is said to be the cause of all things because it is everywhere emergent as each manifest entity. Abhinavagupta
 I wanted to evaluate my own escape from the crowds in 5 different stages so that I could clarify my thoughts and help my readers get more benefits.(1) Getting away from the media(2) Getting away from the big city(3) Going to nature as a life style(4) Getting away from the social media(5) Being only with people I want Korel Eraybar, Guide to getting rid of crowds 
 the human thought, if properly focused, had the ability to affect and change Dan Brown, The Lost Symbol 
 Dreams are what gives us insight into what may be if we have the get up and go to do it. Anthony T.Hincks
 If you are an artist and you are not putting much effort, dedication, commitment and hard work in the art work that you do. In making sure that it is beyond exceptional for people, You are disrespecting your fans. Kyos Magupe
 Arthur Shopenhauer
 Live this life as gently as you would breathe in the seaside air. Then release all those dreams and wonders to the water. Keep breathing until youre inches from where you wish to be. Then exhale, remembering that gentle life you grew up from. F.K. Preston
 literature is but the shadow of good talk Simon Blackburn, Platos Republic 
 seperate morality from its effects, and you will see that everyone regards ias a nuisance, an annoying brake on their freedom of action. Simon Blackburn, Platos Republic 
 belief is to knowledge as shadow is to original Simon Blackburn
 They say, love God, for it is the greatest virtue. I say, love humans, for there is no greater virtue, no greater religion, than the love of humanity. Abhijit Naskar
 Sometimes its not because of the race whether heshe is white or black. Sometimes its not the gender whether shehe is a man or women thats why they are wrong or done what they did. Sometimes it the person themselves that is wrong, regardless of their race or gender. Its matter or character, principles, and morals of individual, but then others are making it a race or gender thing. Kyos Magupe
 Sometimes I just pretend to be someone else, but I usually get bored. I have a lot more fun just being me. Anthony T.Hincks
 Be yourself! Now that would be different! Anthony T.Hincks
 Why be greedy when you can have it all. Anthony T.Hincks
 If mankind was playing a baseball game, he would still be choosing his lineup after the game was over. Anthony T.Hincks
 Get a life!Get your own!This ones already taken! Anthony T.Hincks
 There is no death of anyone, save in appearance, just as there is no birth of any, save only in seeming. Apollonius of Tyana
 We are each given a life.Its up to us what we do with it. Anthony T.Hincks
 You are my butterfly,and I am your flower. Anthony T.Hincks
 Spirit is a child, the tune of dancing feet its lullaby. Shah Asad Rizvi
 Rain may cleanse the Earth, but it doesnt wash away our tears. Anthony T.Hincks
 Whenever a river reaches the ocean, it waits to go back.. Will Advise
 Silence is golden, but saying, I Love You.Is priceless. Anthony T.Hinks
 We are each given a life to show what we can achieve during our time here on Earth.And we are each given a heart to show how we can be compassionate and kind during our time here on Earth.We shouldnt waste either. Anthony T.Hincks
 Life - Dont waste it! Anthony T.Hincks
 Your eyes tell me everything about you.Your words only confirm it. Anthony T.Hinks
 I love you so much that it hurts when we are apart.So, lets not part, but be in each others arms for ever and ever. Anthony T.Hincks
 ...we ought also to consider as false all that is doubtful. Ren Descartes, Principles of Philosophy 
 ...we ought not meanwhile to make use of doubt in the conduct of life. Ren Descartes, Principles of Philosophy 
 ...the greater objective (representative) perfection there is in our idea of a thing, the greater also must be the perfection of its cause. Ren Descartes, Principles of Philosophy 
 If you were to ask me what its about, I guess Id say that its about how joy can seem like a distant, unreachable memory, when really it can be as close as the next park bench over--if only we have the courage. forevercotton
 There are no rights of special groups, there are no rights of farmers, of workers, of businessmen, of employees, of employers, of the young, of the old, of the unborn. There are only the Rights of Man -- rights possessed by every individual man and by all men as individuals. Ayn Rand, The Virtue of Selfishness: A New Concept of Egoism 
 I wonder when god will get a microchip? Anthony T.Hincks
 I dont stay together with people who say Life is short, Life is ridiculos. Because those are the ones who are not able to live. I enjoy the company of people who love life and manage to live. Korel Eraybar, Guide to getting rid of crowds 
 A principle is a set of philosophical ideas and life lessons that are combined and compressed together to provide a general guideline in order to achieve a specific objective. Dr. Lucas D. Shallua
 Theres something immoral about abandoning your common sense in matters of social importance. A.E. Samaan
 Color speaks all languages. Anthony T.Hincks
 It is not to compare Ali and Allah. It is to discuss between tyrant Yazeed and veracity of Hussainiat. Mirza Sharafat Hussain Beigh
 Sometimes you need to do something bad to do something good.I guess thats the irony of life. Anthony T.Hincks
 When men at forward fail to achieve the goal, they describe the victory lies in defending. Mirza Sharafat Hussain Beigh
 I think that God would have a devil of a time if he was here on Earth. Anthony T.Hincks
 If you blend in, you dont stand out. Anthony T.Hincks
 No GoodbyeThe floods of tears,Flow for thee,As I remember how it used to be.Your gentle touch,Your tender caress,Your scented perfume,Your tender kiss.But things do change,In the blink of an eye,An errant driver,No goodbyes.All I remember,Is how it was,Before that fatal night,When all was lost.I love you. Anthony T.Hincks
 Everyone has a gift.Its up to you to decide what you do with it. Anthony T.Hincks
 Im tired of being what everyone else wants.Tomorrow, Im going to be what I want for a change.Im going to be a rainbow.Now thats different! Anthony T.Hincks
 Individuals are quite colorful, arent they? Anthony T.Hincks
 When we live in the past, there is no future. Anthony T.Hincks
 If you dont have a rainbow to give. Give a smile. It works just the same. Anthony T.Hincks
 My mother once said, If you come across a man with more than one personality, you can be sure hes looking for himself in one of them, because he has no character. But I think she was wrong Saud Alsanousi
 Art is the medicine for the soul. Abhijit Naskar, The Film Testament 
 Speaking is like conducting an orchestra but instead of music, you are directing emotions. Anthony Eldridge Rogers
 At dawn, when you have trouble getting out of bed, tell yourself, I have to go to work - as a human being. What do I have to complain of, if Im going to do what I was born for - the things I was brought into the world to do? Or is this what I was created for? To huddle under the blankets and stay warm? Marcus Aurelius, Meditations 
 That things are status quo is the catastrophe. Walter Benjamin, The Arcades Project 
 I believe in not trying to control things that are out of my control or none of my business. Tobe Hanson, The Four Seasons Way of Life:: Ancient Wisdom for Healing and Personal Growth 
 I believe I will not not die a minute too early or a minute too late, but exactly when I am supposed to. Tobe Hanson, The Four Seasons Way of Life:: Ancient Wisdom for Healing and Personal Growth 
 I believe there are only three businesses: my business, other peoples business, and Gods business. Tobe Hanson, The Four Seasons Way of Life:: Ancient Wisdom for Healing and Personal Growth 
 If you think that your hardest problem is what color shoes to wear.You should get out more! Anthony T.Hincks
 Failure is when you stop trying to do something.So, if you want to succeed.Dont stop trying. Anthony T.Hincks
 Carlyle! The man with a thousand faces. Anthony T.Hincks
 Carlyle! Not just another nameless entity. Anthony T.Hincks
 The reality of life is that we are all living someone elses dream. Now thats everyones fantasy. Anthony T.Hincks
 The true essence of vedanta focuses upon subject rather than object. Pawan Parashar
 Its okay to remember, but its also okay to forget too. Anthony T.Hincks
 Isnt Existence is the only thing that make us feel as ONE. Pawan Parashar
 There is no party unless COLOR is invited. Anthony T.Hincks
 One mans fool is just another mans savior. Anthony T.Hincks
 Reds had her day. Its time to give pink a go. Anthony T.Hincks
 How safe and secure is the internet?Well.....Would you leave all your worldly belongings on the road and expect them to be there when you came back seven years later? Anthony T.Hincks
 You may weather the storm, but will you weather the aftermath? Anthony T.Hincks
 God never gave up on us.We did! Anthony T.Hincks
 If you want to feel youthful...pinks your color.If you want to feel old...then its blue rinse for you.If you want to feel sad...try a dark blue.If you want to say something cheerful...then its yellow.If you want to say something racey...then its red for sure.If youve lost your temper...then its black as your heart.And if you want to be normal...well the only color which will show all of you is rainbow. Anthony T.Hincks
 God believes in you. So why dont you? Anthony T.Hincks
 Belief is a wonderful way to pass the time until the facts come in. Carl R White
 If God created everything, and if man is created in Gods image, and if man can dream a fate greater than the one set out for him by God, could God dream a fate greater than his own? Michael Anthony, Civilianized: A Young Veterans Memoir 
 Every person is an island in the sea of humanity. Anthony T. Hincks
 Atheism is the philosophical equivalent of a fish denying the existence of land because he lacks the means to experience it. J.Adam Snyder
 Cmo de elstica es tu cordura? Javier Nez
 In the ideal state, laws are few and simple. In the corrupt state, they are many and confused. J.Adam Snyder
 Three things have a limited threshold:Time, pain, and death.While truth, love, and knowledge Are boundless. Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem 
 Three things are neededFor humanity to co-exist:Truth, peace and basic needs.Everything else -Is irrelevant. Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem 
 Arent we lucky to be us? Alan Alda
 The hand washes the hand: give something and you may get something. Epicharmus of Kos
 I see nothing. I do not move. It is an empty time, animal time, vigilant, I am submerged, under the earth and under time. I listen. Perhaps the waiting is a form of prayer. Hlne Cixous, from an interview featured in the introduction of The Selected Plays of Hlne Cixous
 Schopenhauer was right: Life has to be about disillusionment stumbling inexorably towards the totally fucked. Irvine Welsh, Skagboys 
 When I was young, I think so big but when I grow up I think smaller. Rangsey Heng ()
 The rights of the individual are more important than the wishes of the masses. J.Adam Snyder
 Science explains the how.Philosophy explains the why.Free-thinkers need both. J.Adam Snyder
 If we ever meet, just be yourself. Ive met everyone else. Anthony T. Hincks
 The foundation of every state is the education of its youth. Diogenes of Apollonia
 Sometimes I think that were the aliens. Anthony T. Hincks
 You dont go to school to learn about others.You go to school to learn about yourself. Anthony T. Hincks
 We dont need Batman, Spider-Man, Wonder Woman or Superman or any other superheroes,because we are all superheroes in our own right. Anthony T. Hincks
 Censorship: It allows you not to think for yourself. Anthony T. Hincks
 Its all about control. Anthony T. Hincks
 You think that youre in control of your life.Well, think again. Anthony T. Hincks
 Kindness: Its ours to share. Anthony T. Hincks
 Dont spend a lifetime regretting the decisions that you made. Chances are, that someone else would have made them for you anyway. Anthony T. Hincks
 Loneliness is a burden that I share with myself. Anthony T. Hincks
 The world is a giant zoo. The trouble is, not all of the animals are civilized. Anthony T. Hincks
 I dont expect forgiveness.I only expect acceptance. Anthony T. Hincks
 Im lost for words. Anthony T. Hincks
 She laughed. See? You can do philosophy! He rolled his eyes and shook his head. Dont insult me. Alex Scarrow, The Infinity Cage 
 She remembered who she wasand the game changed. Lalah Delia
 Slavery was never abolished.It was just renamed. Anthony T.Hincks
 I talk to myself, not because Im lonely, but because sometimes Im the only one who understands what Im saying. Anthony T.Hincks
 I promise to uphold the constitution of ....Excuse me, Sir, but your fingers are crossed, the security advisor said.Oh, sorry....now where was I? Oh yeah! I promise to pardon.... Anthony T.Hincks
 Some days... I walk.Some days... I run.And on the odd day... I fly.And when I have a really special day...I soar! Anthony T.Hincks
 Death can ride the wind,and he can also walk the streets,looking for those listed,or those he accidently meets.A touch or a whisper,the smell of his breath,its what lets us know,he beckons that were next.And hide he doth find,in a closet or a chest,because our days were numbered,cause death doesnt jest. Anthony T Hincks
 Kahoots.itIts a kahoot! Anthony T.Hincks
 People who have best business ideas and business. People who are talented and skilled. The reason they are not making it or doing well Is not because they are unfortunate or have bad luck, but it is because they dont understand time when implementing what they have. Kyos Magupe, The Theory of 46 Bes 
 You think that Im different.You should look in the mirror sometime. Anthony T.Hincks
 There are only two things one can become: Conscious and Unconscious. Oaerys, B 
 The philosophers have only interpreted the world, in various ways the point is to change it Karl Marx, Eleven Theses on Feuerbach 
 There are three sources of belief: reason, custom, inspiration. Blaise Pascal, Penses 
 Be yourself!What harm can it do? Anthony T Hincks
 Just smile.Youll be glad that you did. Anthony T Hincks
 Each of us carries baggage around with us. Every now and then we drop of a piece and move on. At other times we just pick up more baggage, but dont move on.Anyway we look at it, we are all porters in lifes hotel. Anthony T.Hincks
 The problem is not that we cant answer the great questions, but that we ask them in the first place. Marty Rubin
 I beg your PARDON!The new presidential catch phrase. Anthony T.Hincks
 Of course were guilty!-Thats what weve got pardons for! Anthony T.Hincks
 Whos got the last laugh now?If you will pardon the expression. Anthony T.Hincks
 If the farmer is rich, then so is the nation. Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words 
 Intolerance breeds hatred. Hatred creates divisions. Divisions destroy common grounds. Mamur Mustapha
 A president should be approachable understanding of peoples problems and needs he should be fair and equitable he should listen with an open mind and a closed mouth he shouldnt make a decision without all the facts and above all else, he must be honest to the people.Anything else and he shouldnt be president. Anthony T.Hincks
 Of man there is little here: therefore do their women masculinize themselves. For only he who is man enough will save the woman in woman. Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra 
 Its lovely to think that snow can be special. were always told it is. Of all those million million flakes that fall, no two are alike, forever and ever, amen. Ive spent some time looking out the window of my cabin watching snowflakes fall like a shot doves feathers fluttering slowly down to the ground. They all look the same to me. Kevin Powers
 The creed of greed:Great Revenue Every Everlasting Day.(IN BANKS WE TRUST) Anthony T.Hincks
 We are not alone!Everything has been orchestrated.If you think that the meteor that killed of the dinosaurs was natural. Think again!What use would a world of greed be if we had to worry about getting eaten by dinosaurs every minute of the day?It wouldnt be good for the economy, now would it?Think about it! Anthony T.Hincks
 Pretty soon man will out live his usefulness. When that happens...well...remember what happened to the dinosaurs. Anthony T.Hincks
 Goldman Sachs they know who the president will be before he does. Anthony T.Hincks
 Be still my little light beam,As I breathe life into your heart,By giving you the essence of color,To show off your blossoming heart.In its red gentleness,I see your flickering flame,And then I see your body,Glowing in the dusk.Ever so gently,You do but come to life,For me to see your entirety,For me,Its the color of love. Anthony T. Hncks
 Not all, what happens, happens because of fate. Something is in our hands. Carneades
 Pourquoi la nature aurait-elle accouch dun poisson si elle navait pas invent leau.. Eric Emmanuel-Schmitt
 There wouldnt be life without colour. Anthony T. Hincks
 He who wishes to know, must seek to understand. Lailah Gifty Akita
 Virtue is the health of the soul. Aristo of Chios
 I believe I am in Hell, therefore I am Arthur Rimbaud
 Shed stolen my car.Shed stolen my dog.Shed stolen all my money.But if she had only asked, I would have given her it all, because when I first met her, shed stolen my heart. Anthony T. Hincks
 If the truth should be complex and somewhat disillusioning, it would still not be a merit to substitute for it some more dramatic and comforting simplicity. Clarence Irving Lewis, Mind and the World Order: Outline of a Theory of Knowledge 
 If you think you know everything, theres nothing else to learn, until you learn...you dont know everything. Coach Bridget Burns
 By the aid of philosophy you will live not unpleasantly, for you will learn to extract pleasure from all places and things: wealth will make you happy, because it will enable you to benefit many and poverty, as you will not then have many anxieties and glory, for it will make you honoured and obscurity, for you will then be safe from envy. Plutarch, Moralia 
 The soul is joined to and is separated from the body. Therefore, the soul is corporeal. Chrysippus
 Aliens have been here for millennium.But they didnt come in spaceships. They came in orange spheres of light.How do I know?Because that was the day I died. Anthony T. Hincks
 Abortion: Your lifes over before you know it. Anthony T. Hincks
 Spermicide sort of rhymes with pesticide, yet you wouldnt put a load of DDT in you know where to kill you know what, now would you? Anthony T. Hincks
 How can we understand the world and the universe when we havent even understood ourselves? Anthony T. Hincks
 War! Someones making a hell of a lot of money. Anthony T. Hincks
 If you look beyond the lies, then you will see the truth.Remember: Just because its black and white, doesnt automatically make it a zebra. Anthony T. Hincks
 take care, in reading the writings of philosophers or hearing their speeches, that you do not attend to words more than things, nor get attracted more by what is difficult and curious than by what is serviceable and solid and useful. Plutarch, Moralia 
 I might be crazy, but at least Im not insane. Anthony T. Hncks
 The only reason that the devil can read scripture, is that it was written with him in mind. Anthony T. Hincks
 Learn to bear bravely changes of fortune. Cleobulus
 Popularity, Fame or money does not mean you are a good person, but your heart, behavior, characteristics and action do. Kyos Magupe
 By dying for a conviction a man proves only that he is sincere, not that he is right. Roland H. Bainton, Erasmus of Christendom 
 If you can love yourself the same way you love taking selfies. There is nothing worse in life than self hate. Choose to love yourself. Kyos Magupe
 The thing about colour is that its not all about the money or the prestige, but its about showing what life is all about. Without it... Anthony T. Hincks
 If you dont follow your dreams, someone else, somewhere will follow theirs. Dont get left behind. Anthony T Hincks
 Our love is like a flower.First you need to plant the seeds.Then you give it love, water and nutrients.The you watch it grow and grow.And finally it blossoms to become you. Anthony T Hincks
 Time waits for no manThat is what they say.That is why our time spent together,is so special in so, so many ways. Anthony T Hincks
 When you give a present,youre giving with your heart.Never give thinking of money,or your gift will fall apart. Anthony T Hincks
 A friend gave me a rainbow as a gift, so I put it up in the sky so everyone could share. Anthony T.Hincks
 Everything you mean to me,I cant put into words,because when youre as perfect as you,no amount of words will do. Anthony T Hincks
 When you kiss me,your lips upon mine,your kisses taste so sweet,just like a glass of good wine. Anthony T Hincks
 When you change your dress,you want to look your best.But when you change your lover,its simply for another. Anthony T Hincks
 My darling I still love you,no matter that youre gone.Youll always be with me,forever and ever more. Anthony T Hincks
 When we think of love,we always think of red,but when I think of love,I think of you instead. Anthony T Hincks
 Beauty is seeing,the world through colored glass,of seeing everything in its glory,its all it ever asks. Anthony T Hincks
 Love is like a season,it ebbs and it flows,sometimes were like Summer, Fall and Winter,but its Spring that I long to know. Anthony T Hincks
 Dont give up on life, or else it might just give up on you Gary Edward Gedalld Gedall
 Love has not a value,though we treasure it dear,its worth more than gold,thats why I keep you so near. Anthony T Hincks
 We never stop loving,No matter what we say,because we say just empty words,to keep our hurt away. Anthony T Hincks
 Somebody is perfect.Somebody is true.Somebody is cuddly.That somebody is you. Anthony T Hincks
 Mine is the river.where the love runs deep,that if you fall in, youll be mine to keep. Anthony T Hincks
 And the human race is filled with passion. And medicine, law, business, engineering, these are noble pursuits and necessary to sustain life. But poetry, beauty, romance, love, these are what we stay alive for. N.H. Kleinbaum, Dead Poets Society
 If ever you want a rainbow in your home, go to Sandwich Glass Museum, and let them put one in your heart too. Anthony T Hincks
 I never speak in silence. Anthony T Hincks
 Health, peace of mind, peak performance, and success in any area of life all depend upon doing the right thing at the right time, in harmony with the cycles of the Four Seasons. Tobe Hanson, The Four Seasons Way of Life:: Ancient Wisdom for Healing and Personal Growth 
 If you feel anxiety or depression, you are not in the present. You are either anxiously projecting the future or depressed and stuck in the past. The only thing you have any control over is the present moment simple breathing exercises can make us calm and present instantly. Tobe Hanson, The Four Seasons Way of Life:: Ancient Wisdom for Healing and Personal Growth 
 In my experience, stress is the cause of all injury and pain. Tobe Hanson, The Four Seasons Way of Life:: Ancient Wisdom for Healing and Personal Growth 
 There is a huge difference between thinking we know something and actually knowing something. Eraldo Banovac
 It is not acceptable that election winners interpret history. History should be left to historians who have a difficult task. They should try to avoid a one-sided or personal interpretation of history. Furthermore, some collective factors (such as national enthusiasm) may influence objectivity that is crucial for the interpretation of historical events. Eraldo Banovac
 The Fur Person learned then and there that it is better to be a philosopher than to be a king and that, all things considered, wisdom was to be preferred to power. May Sarton, The Fur Person 
 The practical man, as this word is often used, is one who recognizes only the material needs, who realizes that men must have food for the body, but is oblivious of the necessity of providing food for the mind. Bertrand Russell, The Problems of Philosophy 
 Dad? What are you going to give the people of Earth? Jesus asked.Im going to give them each a rainbow so that they will know how special they are, God said. Anthony T.Hincks
 My life is never empty because my heart is always full. Anthony T.Hincks
 If you want to brighten up a persons day.Give them a rainbow. Anthony T. Hincks
 A person may only touch one persons heart.A rainbow touches many. Anthony T. Hincks
 Rainbows: The gift from heaven to us all. Anthony T. Hincks
 You know, I dont believe that religions are religions. No, I believe they are philosophies with some good ideas and some fuckin weird ones. Eddie Izzard, Circle 
 It admits two ultimate realities, namely, purua and prakti, which are independent of each other in respect of their existence. Satischandra Chatterjee, An Introduction To Indian Philosophy 
 Openness to change is key to implementing new knowledge. That is why one who is indifferent to change is not a friend of knowledge. Eraldo Banovac
 Love, Money,Sex and Jealousy is the destroyer of man. Kyos Magupe
 Happiness cant be inherited or be lend to you. You have to work for it. Happiness cant be found anywhere remotely, but happiness is within yourself. Make sure that you spend each and everyday working for your happiness or towards your happiness by starting to know who you are Kyos Magupe, The Theory of 46 Bes 
 To Lovers out thereTrue Love has no date to expire.True Love has no limitation or boundaries.True Love does not need to be proven.Love comes naturally, but True Love you have to make it in a relationship Kyos Magupe
 LanguageCrickets chirp,Birds sing, Dogs howl,Its their own thing.Cats purr,Mice squeak,Cows moo,Its not what you think.Whales whistle,Dolphins click,Snakes hiss,So listen to this.Sheep baa,Rabbits twitch,If you cant speak,Its only a glitch.A body speaks,Their hands do wave,Theyre all speaking together,Now dont be so nave.Its all a language,Which we dont hear,bBecause its not our own,What do we care! Anthony T.Hincks
 Loneliness doesnt come from being alone.It comes from seeing other people together. Anthony T.Hincks
 If I have to mourn for only ONE person,Then I choose EVERYONE. Anthony T.Hincks
 When you love someone deeply,Say it with a flower,And seal it with a kiss. Anthony T.Hincks
 WE give up because people say that we are too old too frail not bright enough, have no get up and go dont know anything dont have the balls to do it too stupid to be able to do it.........all that I can say is, that they must have been looking in the mirror when they said that. Anthony T.Hincks
 In general, sharing and using things decreases their value. However, knowledge increases by implementation and especially by sharing among people. Eraldo Banovac
 In reality, there is no highway to success. Therefore, be prepared for difficulties. Eraldo Banovac
 Life is a continuum of problems to solve and lessons to learn. Once you accept this truth, then the problem youre facing is no longer a problem but rather an opportunity to learn. Tobe Hanson, The Four Seasons Way of Life: Ancient Wisdom for Healing and Personal Growth 
 This flawless night sky adorned with crystal pendant stars is nothing more than a fragile glass of potential - shattered only to those who dare to break through it. Kylee Carrier
 Wildflowers dont grow haphazardly us we are led to believe. They grow in fantastic patterns which are different to each of us you see. Anthony T.Hnicks
 Will Artificial Intelligence end up being as stupid as the rest of us? Anthony T.Hnicks
 The purua is an intelligent principle, of which consciousness (caitanya) is not an attribute, but the very essence. It is the self which is quite distinct from the body, the senses and the mind (manas). Satischandra Chatterjee, An Introduction To Indian Philosophy 
 When I see a rainbow, I know that someone, somewhere loves me. Anthony T.Hincks
 From Plato: the man who has an elevated mind and takes a view of all time and of all substance, dost thou suppose it possible for him to think that human life is anything great? It is not possible, he said. Such a man then will think that death also is no evil. Marcus Aurelius, Meditations 
 All the best things in life are free: love, smiles, friends, family, pets & companions, thoughts, sunsets & sunrises and especially rainbows. Anthony T.Hincks
 Never allow yourself to be sapped of your extraordinary energy that is the necessary ingredient for creating something new and progressive. Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail 
 ...the depth or humaneness of our love depends on the wideness of our souls. Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Fire and Ice Legend 
 To put it succinctly: description without prescription is the germ of resignation, and prescription without description is mere whim. Reza Negarestani
 A grandmothers love is selfless all the way to the bones. Janvier Chouteu-Chando, Me Before Them 
 With true love, you can move mountains, make unusual sacrifices, live a life of deprivations and still be happy. Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail 
 A good relationship with our children is the ultimate comfort we have while dying. Janvier Chouteu-Chando, Me Before Them 
 ... People who are the spices of this world are the natural souls with instincts and impulses that have not been pruned by evolution and civilization. Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail 
 Most people live lives that are full of mysteries, lives whose ultimate purpose we may never really understand. But for the sake of serenity, we must believe in lifes nobleness. Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail 
 the truest feeling of happiness is the security that comes with being loved. Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail 
 A man cant talk of true happiness if he has never known true lovethe trusting, selfless and unconditional love that I took for granted. Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail 
 Perhaps fate has a way of turning things around and making something good out of the action of someone who failed humanity without meaning to. Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail 
 Singers, actors or artists who touch on sorrow are trying to give comfort to aggrieved souls by giving some meaning to their sorrows. Janvier Chouteu-Chando
 Man craves joy far more than anything else in life, but there is nothing as madly intoxicating as the feeling of joy that comes from the soul. Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail 
 Im such a loser, that when I was reincarnated, I came back as myself. Anthony T. Hincks
 When faced with difficulties, a humble, understanding, appreciative and selfless person finds it easy to win a friend. On the other hand, a temperamental, egoistic, condensing, self-absorbed, self-conceited and narrow-minded person who lacks the basic sense of humility easily loses friends when in distress. Janvier Chouteu-Chando, Me Before Them 
 The writer is the cursed artist of the soul. The expression of his art is a reflection of his quest to understand man by unraveling the mysteries that have been haunting humankind from time immemorial. In the end of his journey to understand man, the writer becomes more human even though his soul ends up finding less peace. Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail 
 our recollections bring out our joyful smiles, but hardly make us chortle or guffaw our recollections often leave imprints on our faces that show our regrets, but they hardly produce sounds that echo the depth of those regrets. Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail 
 A man has a hard time feeling fulfilled when he lives a life that does not serve a purpose that is more than himself. Janvier Chouteu-Chando, Me Before Them 
 Organs crawl like aphids upon the immobile motor of becoming Nick Land, Fanged Noumena: Collected Writings, 1987-2007 
 I think preconceived ideas or prejudgments are meant to give us an edge whenever we are dealing with others we dont know or havent made the effort to understand. Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail 
 ...Unsettling emotions are capable of messing up the most beautiful minds in this world. Janvier Chouteu-Chando, Dark Shades 
 The selfish and self-centered have a hard time being kind, even though you and I know that kindness is a source of relief to the soul. Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail 
 The basis of love that most people share is the intimacy they developed with their partners, the intensity of their attraction, or the similarity of their thought patterns. Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Fire and Ice Legend 
 The masses often let themselves down and even those at the forefront who are hoisting the flag of the cause that is intended to alleviate their miseries. However, they do not do so out of wickedness or malice. Often times, they betray their interests out of incomprehension, docility and resignation to the status quo. In a subtle way, the masses often end up collaborating with those oppressing them. Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Fire and Ice Legend 
 What is the purpose of wealth if it cannot serve an ideal that enhances humanity and betters the lives of the people, even if that means those we have never met before in our lives? Janvier Chouteu-Chando, Me Before Them 
 I was born into this torrid world a degenerate, eternally condemned a vessel of belligerency, destined to one day end. But despite my mortal disposition, I possess my voice. I have that which is gifted to me from the bosom of the gods. The beauty of self-expression. And through this gift I will come to know and share the true nature of reality Evan Guerra
 To lovers out there..People chose the people they date according to the way they see them rather than the way they feel about them. That is why they constantly get hurt and not happily in love. Kyos Magupe
 Modern society is modern because of its mental cocktail of reasoning and compassion. Turn the compassion network in the brain off, and it will be a society of heartless robots. On the other hand, turn the reasoning network off, and it will be a society of dumb sentimental apes. Abhijit Naskar, Human Making is Our Mission: A Treatise on Parenting 
 Only poor people are corrupt. If you dont believe me, just go and ask a rich person. Anthony T.Hincks
 If youre a square peg in a society full of round holes, its time to change the playing board. Anthony T.Hincks
 All too often its easier to be someone else than just being yourself. Anthony T.Hincks
 My dreams become reality.Your dreams become forgotten.I guess thats why were different,I dont fit into the crowd.Whereas youre part of the flock. Anthony T.Hincks
 People said that I was crazy, but I wasnt.I was just different. Anthony T.Hincks
 This world was meant to be shared by everyone.What I want to ask is, What happened? Anthony T.Hincks
 You should, I need hardly say, live in such a way that there is nothing which you could not as easily tell your enemy as keep to yourself. Seneca, Letters from a Stoic 
 Networking isnt how many people you know, its how many people know you. Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words 
 An entrepreneur with strong network makes money even when he is asleep. Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words 
 One does not inhabit a country one inhabits a language. That is our country, our fatherland - and no other. Emil M. Cioran
 Each day we kill a compulsive love with our impulsive actions. Amit Howard
 If Bengali is my mother, then English is my father and friend. Abhijit Naskar, Human Making is Our Mission: A Treatise on Parenting 
 English is the language through which I reach hearts from various corners of the world. English is the language through which I flirt with my species. English is the language through which I make my species think. Abhijit Naskar, Human Making is Our Mission: A Treatise on Parenting 
 When people wind you up, just remind them what happens to a piece of elastic. Anthony T.Hincks
 How do you explain a world that gifts evil men with privilege and wealth and looks the other way while they torment and abuse the weakest members of society? C.S. Harris, Where the Dead Lie 
 Sometimes..........I just miss being myself. Anthony T.Hincks
 But the ground shakes, as if somethings trying to push up from below, and I think of other peoples mothers shaking out their duvets or even God shaking out the fabric of space-time. Scarlett Thomas, The End of Mr. Y 
 I hate the honesty of the moring the time before your consiousness switches on the light and gets rid of all the nasty shadows. Scarlett Thomas, The End of Mr. Y 
 Theres something romantic about it, of course, in the way only other peoples lives can be. Scarlett Thomas, The End of Mr. Y 
 I love the great despisers, because they are the great adorers, and arrows of longing for the other shore. Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra 
 Man wants to belong.He just doesnt know how. Anthony T.Hincks
 Just because you havent got a home, doesnt make you homeless.andJust because you dont have a heart, doesnt make you heartless.Now, does it? Anthony T.Hincks
 Time doesnt change. We do! Anthony T.Hincks
 The illusion is time itself. Anthony T.Hincks
 Each of us has a cuckoo clock inside of them.For some it never chimes.For some it chimes only intermittently.For some it chimes on every hour.While for others it never stops chiming.Think about it! Anthony T.Hincks
 When you do exams you never want to be the one who finishes first and you never want to be the one who finishes last. Anthony T.Hincks
 A farmer is a magician who produces money from the mud. Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words 
 To a farmer dirt is not a waste, it is wealth. Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words 
 There are people who bring joy to our lives, but who fail to make us happy. They are the people for the moment. Never rely on their love because it is not sustainable. Their love is alike a comet that illuminates the sky, but then fades away because it lacks the sustainable energy of the sun. Janvier Chouteu-Chando
 We need the wisdom to accept the fact that this world abounds with issues we cannot solve and we need to part ways with those people, ideas and things that are a vexation to the soul. Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail 
 The narrow-minded find it convenient to create stereotypes, and then try to fit everybody, everything and every situation into those stereotypes. Janvier Chouteu-Chando
 Some people live their memorable years fighting against their basic instincts only to succumb in the end to what was actually good for them. Janvier Chouteu-Chando
 Avoid people who hurt from an impulse. I mean people who have this tendency to relish their capacity to hurt the good souls of this world, and who after hurting, wake up the next day without a trace of despondent brooding, and then move on with life never thinking that they should show some remorse or try to repent. Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail 
 Societies and people that come close to being happy are those that do well in narrowing the disparity between their desires and their needs, especially the material things of life. Janvier Chouteu-Chando
 In the world of today, human desires far supersede human needs. Waste, as you can see, is the result of all of those contradictions. That is how we ended up complicating our world. Janvier Chouteu-Chando
 Male writers who never find the stabilizing force of an understanding woman in their lives usually end up as the jaded figures of their days, the types who give much artistic expression to the world, but who are lonely in their overcrowded worlds of love. Janvier Chouteu-Chando
 We always emerge from the death of a loved one like a phoenix arising from its funeral pyre. Janvier Chouteu-Chando
 Judgments based on preconceptions make life simple for us to deal with since that means we safely shield ourselves behind barriers of preconception that helped us feel safe in whatever views or assumptions we are having. Janvier Chouteu-Chando
 Most people have this tendency to make judgments on others based on preconceptions, especially when they are dealing with them for the first time. Janvier Chouteu-Chando
 In dealing with others, man is inherently a slave to his preconceptions, to the stereotypes he became familiar with that made life easier for him to comprehend. Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail 
 A writer needs a partner who can act as fuel to his artistic mind, yet has the great ability to sober him up and help him be in sync with the non-artistic part of his soul. Janvier Chouteu-Chando
 Life is full of intriguing souls that you cannot penetrate An uncomfortable percentage of those anguished and impregnable souls also have suffering hearts that are further tormented by a deluded mind. They will hurt out of an impulse, and then live their lives after that without the slightest remorse. Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail 
 When somebody you love dies, a phase of lifes innocence dies with that person, and a part of you dies as well. Janvier Chouteu-Chando
 In your selflessness pursuit of things higher than yourself, you appear selfish or inconsiderate to those who truly love you and who have cared deeply about you from the first day you came into their lives. Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail 
 There is no bigger gratification than the realization of the things you believe in after overcoming all the odds. Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail 
 Hold onto your creativity, that idealism that is rooted in some degree of innocence and a firm belief in something finer than the things we already have. Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail 
 Never give up the freeness of your soul. Live your duty to mankind, nurture creatures of this world as a true mother of the earth, but never shut your imagination off from those desires that distinguish you from the ordinary. Never allow yourself to be sapped of that extraordinary energy that is the necessary ingredient for creating something new and progressive. Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail 
 Isnt reality based on the prevailing culture, the trend that people want to identify with? Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail 
 At what point is normal natural? Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail 
 So, you see you have the soul of a missionary, the heart of a revolutionary and the mind of a reformer. But what are you to yourself and the family and friends who will always be there for you? Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail 
 The true leaders of our time, the legends of this world or the movers of the movers are the towering figures that are blessed with beautiful minds, receptive ears and directing voices. They are the ones we should emulate in life. Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail 
 When we tend to be too hard on those we love, we erode the softness of our souls in the process, taking out the humanity within us that is the nucleus of our goodness, even if our actions are for their own sake. Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail 
 The scrupulous survivors in life are the best counterweight to unscrupulous survivors. Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail 
 Most of the truly kind people of this world show some measure of discomfort when offered kindness. Their gratitude stems not only from their understanding of the depth of the force of kindness, but also from their conviction that kindness should not be taken for granted. Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail 
 We still need to give our best to life even if we do not understand the purpose of our existence on earth. Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail 
 Writers are the most pathetic souls when it comes to expressing their own feelings. Their personalities are as complex as the characters they weave. Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail 
 Some honest people think it is better to know the ways of the devil without being evil. Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail 
 Life has no meaning the moment you lose the illusion of being eternal. Jean-Paul Sartre
 Kindness is a source of relief to the soul of the giver, creating a sense of fortitude that is incomprehensible to those who do not know what kindness is all about. Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail 
 Companies are suffering. They face recession and dowsizing. They make a loss profit , losing their clients and best skilled employees because of someone who made a personal decision in the interest of the business and made it a business decision. Kyos Magupe, The Theory of 46 Bes 
 Life its harder because of people who are holding keys to lift others up are being greedy and selfish. They deny other people opportunities that have nothing to do with them. Kyos Magupe, The Theory of 46 Bes 
 A yesterday missed can never be found even in a fine tomorrow. Janvier Chouteu-Chando, Flash of the Sun 
 Only a fool would find happiness from an achievement that is detrimental to those he loves. Janvier Chouteu-Chando
 ...No man is foolish when his friend betrays him because a mans world is most serene when he has people to trust and call friends. After all, is it not often said that a friend is another self? Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Usurper: And Other Stories 
 When you are wise, peace shall follow. Abhijit Naskar
 Where you find the laws most numerous, there you will find also the greatest injustice. Arcesilaus
 Mom often said to me, I know if you look good, you get special treatment. And then she went a step further: I dont care what the world says or does. You have to remember that every person is valuable. Ashley Graham
 Curiosity is gods greatest gift to man, but my gift is a little amplified. Onaiza Khan, Caged 
 Love and hate when stretched to their extremes blind reasoning. Janvier Chouteu-Chando, Triple Agent, Double Cross 
 Paradox is the pathos or the passion of philosophy. Gilles Deleuze
 On The Patty Winters Show this morning a Cheerio sat in a very small chair and was interviewed for close to an hour. Bret Easton Ellis, American Psycho 
 A nationalist will blindly follow his country to his death out of love for it. A patriot will stand up for and even against his country to his death out of love for it. Janvier Chouteu-Chando, Flash of the Sun 
 It is not something we often find out but most of the specially-gifted have a deep desire to be ordinary. Janvier Chouteu-Chando, Flash of the Sun 
 That tho a Man were admitted into Heaven to view the wonderful Fabrick of the World, and the Beauty of the stars, yet what would otherwise be Rapture and Extasie, would be but melancholy Amazement if he had not a Friend to communicate it to. Archytas
 Whether we are trying to buy a packet of chips or getting to know a person for a potentially important relationship, its nice to have an overview of what itheshe contains. - Of A Sense of Self Amrita Sarkar
 Nearly every inspirational story out there is about a person who breaks away from his or her background or community where the best is clearly defined and is not them and goes off and becomes the best somewhere else. - Of Effortless Effort Amrita Sarkar, Of Opinions 
 But I stayed up thinking about how Ive been lying to him, no less than I lie to myself in my pre-sleep ritual. And I lied to him again just as we were growing more intimate than ever and he asked me about my scar. Zack Love, Anissas Redemption 
 He clearly suffers from some past traumas too, so hopefully hell understand why I was untruthful to him about mine. Zack Love, Anissas Redemption 
 Adding to my emotional dizziness on Sunday, I spoke with my sister, who kept noting how amazing Michael is, and what a brave and selfless man he is for having helped as he did. Zack Love, Anissas Redemption 
 Freedom? Thats easy. Its in your choices. Happiness? Thats easy. Its in your choices. Respect of your peers? That too is in the choices you make. Ryan Holiday, The Daily Stoic Journal: 366 Days of Writing and Reflection on the Art of Living 
 Writers understand the world better, but they lack the strength to change it. Perhaps that is so because they understand their limitations more than others. Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail 
 He learned...never to show his anger or hatred against a stronger adversary, for fear of being crushed. Janvier Chouteu-Chando, Triple Agent, Double Cross 
 We, humans, have come up with so many superficialities that are completely unnecessary for our existence and happiness on earth. Janvier Chouteu-Chando
 In todays world, human desires far supersede human needs. Waste, as you can see, is the result of that disparity. Janvier Chouteu-Chando
 a writer, like most artists, needs a partner who can act as the fuel to his artistic mind and soul, yet has the great ability to sober him up and help him be in sync with the non-artistic part of his soul. Janvier Chouteu-Chando
 Writers are the most tormented of all the different categories of artists that are out there in the world. Janvier Chouteu-Chando
 When singers, actors or artists touch on sorrow, they are trying to give comfort to aggrieved souls by giving some meaning to their sorrows. The job of the singer, actor or artists ,in general, is to make us comfortable with our feelings or emotionsbe it pain, hurt, anger, hatred, sadness, pleasure, love, cheerfulness or joy. Janvier Chouteu-Chando